i decide to order the steak since money does n't seem to be an issue , and we each order a cocktail in addition to the champagne .
even though she was only in his life until he was eight or nine , she must have had some influence on him in those early years , in addition to whatever good traits she passed down to him genetically .
a conglomerate is hoping to entice me into buying a packet of land and , in addition , they want me to build several sky scrapers on it . ''
if i win , i want a kiss in addition to the three days and holiday , '' he said and walked around to break the balls .
in addition to her own clothes and the clothes that had been on the ship , she was staring at a huge closet full of the most beautiful clothes she 'd ever seen .
i have word that you were at an obstetrician 's office and you 're now holding a baby 's blanket , in addition to pictures of you shopping for baby furniture .
besides , he thought as he looked down into her green eyes , she was cute in addition to having a smoking hot body .
in addition to an omelet brimming with cheese , ham and vegetables , there was also a huge biscuit on the side of the plate , a bowl of chilled , fresh fruit and , in the center of the table , a large pitcher of orange juice and an urn of coffee .
she 'd been thinking about the number of bedrooms in the big house ; how many guests they could hold and how to increase that number without building a costly addition .
hannah knew they intended to build an addition onto the main floor that would make up their personal quarters just as soon as they could afford it , but that had n't happened yet .
lately he 'd taken over more and more of the business side of the family 's cattle operation , in addition to supervising the health of the herd , running the breeding program , making repairs on their outbuildings and managing the rotation of the herd through their pastures .
veronica described the latest additions to the nursery and the antics of her kids at school who were all eager to get out for the summer break .
most other women would have searched out every inch of the house just to see what rooms are available , then make a list for me on improvements and additions , '' he said .
in addition to cocktail dresses and evening dresses which were an absolute necessity , she gave sophie jeans that curved to her slender figure , solid colored slacks and contrasting blouses of daring fabrics with matching heels that helped sophie to step out carefully instead of a complicated outfit that might look silly and fall apart too easily .
in addition to the crazy schedule , i 've been working on my thesis almost non-stop in order to get it finished in time . ''
but in addition , she had to provide budgets herself on what she wanted to do for the next several months and he wanted more elaborate events , different speakers and he gave her the goal of coming up with bigger and more extravagant events for the beginning of the summer .
the addition of her hand stroking me was enough , and i came hard , losing myself in leah 's beautiful body .
there were a lot of new additions to the twenty-five-year-old garrett , starting with a set of eight-pack abs and a chiseled chest that made me think dirty , dirty things .
in addition to my family , we 'd also invited logan 's best friend , colin , and his family , who my mother had basically adopted as another extension of the finnegan family .
laughter filled the house as we made our way back to the kitchen where we celebrated the newest addition to our growing family .
robyn had not been pleased at the sudden addition to her travel party but she finally conceded at her parents ' insistence .
we have a party of twenty-two coming in this afternoon and that 's in addition to our regular customers so it 's going to be busy .
in addition to the rain the wind was whipping into them , making it all the more difficult to be heard .
by this time sam was right beside her mother , and she watched as the delicate hand deftly placed brushstroke after brushstroke , creating the effect of light with the simple addition of a touch of white .
`` they 're almost like doctors without borders , that volunteer organization from canada , but in addition to providing free medical services they plan to spend time doing community outreach and education to help eliminate unhealthy practices .
in addition to supervising the home with the assistance of six home mothers , jenna was also principal of the school and she even filled in as substitute teacher when any of the staff members fell ill. indie was going to have her hands full .
she was searching his face , taking him all in , and in addition to longing what he saw there was hope .
there was nothing so distracting as a proud grandmother pulling out photos of the newest addition to the family .
then , the greetings over , the children plopped back down onto the circular mat in the middle of the room and reached for the toys and books they 'd abandoned when their teacher asked them to stand and greet the new addition to the coleman private english school family .
anya snapped her eyes shut again , her fingers clutching the bedclothes even tighter and this time in addition to clenching her eyes she bit down on her lower lip .
within a couple of years rosie was single again and this time she had two mouths to feed in addition to her own .
it was a good thing ryder showed up when he did because , in addition to the telephone crew , a government team of eleven turned up unexpectedly .
the simple movement shot waves of pain through my body ; the stitches in my leg screamed with the addition of weight , and my cracked ribs created ribbons of agony .
in addition , i 've installed one of my own , and it 's been running all night , streaming to a friend of mine 's computer .
`` avery is going through a phase where , in addition to only wearing her princess costume , she will only eat things that are orange or green .
in addition to being tall , dark , and handsome with eyes that could make a harpy melt , he also had a fantastic ass .
in the course of an hour , he had found several small flaws and offered solutions to problems i had n't foreseen in addition to ones i was struggling with .
maddy had suggested that i put my hair up with this dress , and i had to admit that with the addition of some dangling earrings , i looked pretty darn good .
in addition to my constant google searches , news article alerts , and myface stalking , twitter and all of its over-sharing socialites suddenly became my lookouts .
it did n't matter that i was already doing most of the work on all her other cases in addition to my other job duties because she did n't know how to do it properly .
in addition to their in-house lawyers , they contract out to 15 firms to handle all their legal work , '' kathryn explained .
the entire office was staying late trying to catch up on the dallas disaster in addition to their regular workloads .
in addition to the usual assortment of bills , advertisements , and random coupons , there was a large , professional-looking envelope .
`` as my wife you will have a generous monthly allowance , in addition to credit cards and access to store accounts for any clothes , shoes , or other items you may wish to purchase .
although he was happy for the rodriguez family and their new addition , he 'd never know what it was like to watch his own son or daughter come into the world .
i just want to get your opinion on one of the paintings offered here that i thought would make a nice addition to the office . ''
she picked the locks on his door , safely navigated the maze of infrared beams , opened the cabinet holding the safe ... and promptly tripped jake 's latest addition to the security system .
in addition , her skin was milk white , her eyes appearing a bit crazed with hatred for damon shining through their darkness .
in addition to her overalls and tank top , was now wearing a flannel shirt that came down to the middle of her thighs , plus a sweatshirt just for good measure .
there were brownies with a mint frosting , chocolate chip cookies with brandy flavoring in addition to the traditional vanilla flavoring , a key lime pie as well as a peanut butter and chocolate pie , both with cookie crusts .
in addition , there was n't any jewelry on him at all , not even a tacky , pretentious , pinky ring .
the tasain palace was one of those amazing structures that were built so long ago with additions built up around each side and on top over the centuries .
there were turrets and crenellated ramparts in various places and one could easily tell how the building had changed throughout history by the various additions with slightly different styles .
what are the odds you 'll find someone else with her skills and attitude in addition to an understanding significant other ?
in addition , he 'd walked with her down the street and noticed the same affect on the other men she passed .
darcy ran her finger down the list , trying to figure out what she could do in addition to the scuba lessons .
usually , she would add something to the dress to add some flair , but tonight , knowing that carlo would be there , she avoided all sorts of jewelry and additions .
the barrington inn had returned to the jacobs fine furnishings client list , along with the addition of several other small hotels and even a few wealthy families wanting customized pieces .
he had n't bought it for the decor , but for the view , and he 'd already met with several contractors to redesign the floor plan and build an addition .
considering the massive scale of the addition he 'd described , the house would top out at five or six thousand square feet .
this entire half of his house was going anyway , to make room for his two-story , six-bedroom addition .
it was n't until dean rolled into the parking lot at hang ten , where there were several cars in addition to nick 's truck , that the conversation picked up again .
the old pot-belly stove , the doll house , the bookshelves and the games cupboards still remain in the living room , with the addition of a television set and a dvd player .
the old bath , edgar told her , had been replaced by a shower stall to leave room enough for the addition of the washing machine and clothes dryer .
james hancock was the classic tall dark and handsome prototype , with the potent addition of a shrewd business brain and the kind of charm that won friends and influenced all the right people .
she went on and on , covering every detail of a production designed to inform the whole italian community that luc 's bride was to be acknowledged as a welcome addition to the peretti family .
bella might not be a welcome addition to the scene at this late juncture , but they would have to accept her presence .
their curiosity about her was easily satisfied and they were n't the least bit concerned about having a late addition to the family getting attention from their father .
the newer additions stood soldier straight , their stones still bright , the engraving deep and clear , hardly touched by wind and rain .
in addition to his large four-poster bed , there were four comfortable chairs and several heavy trunks with ornate brass fittings .
in addition to trust and gratitude , henry had also given royce the privilege of speaking his mind freely and without the interference of graverley and the other members of the powerful star chamber .
the castle 's huge courtyard was filled with the people who lived or worked within its walls-a veritable army of stable grooms , laundresses , scullions , carpenters , farriers , archers , serfs , and footmen , in addition to the castle 's guards .
uncle edward had insisted that they travel in style , which meant that , in addition to their coach , there were two more , heavily loaded with trunks and valises , and a fourth carrying aunt anne 's maid and clarissa , whitney 's own maid .
in addition to the usual business correspondence and invitations , there were letters from his mother and brother .
the grandeur of the house and grounds was the result of loving restoration and extensive additions which had been carried out by clayton , his father , his grandfather , and all of the dukes of claymore who had preceded them .
in addition to her acclaimed face and figure , she is also one of the few women in england who actually possesses the requirements of birth and breeding in enough abundance to make her worthy of marrying into the westmoreland family and of producing your heir .
stephen david elliott westmoreland , the earl of langford , thought albert hodgkin would be a worthy addition to his staff !
lord westmoreland-who possessed estates all over europe , along with noble titles inherited through his mother and two ancestors who 'd named him as their heir-thought albert hodgkin would be a worthy addition to one of his magnificent households !
whitticomb was on his way out when it occurred to stephen that in addition to everything else , he was going to have to involve his family in the deception he was about to put into full force .
the only thing she knew for certain was that in addition to all his other unpleasant traits , he 'd spoken to her as if she were a piece of his chattel , and that he was undoubtedly relishing the prospect of hauling her downstairs like a sack of flour in front of his servants if she did n't meet his deadline .
in addition to that , hugh was completely enchanted by her friendly , unaffected cordiality toward everyone , from the servants to himself , and even her betrothed .
in addition to her fantasies , she had the real-life pleasure-as well as torture-of seeing him at the opera .
lady skeffington was ambitious and sly , and it would n't take her more than an hour to realize that her children 's governess was an object of scorn , in addition to being the focal point of the occasion .
that alone was enough to make them wary and distant , but by the end of the week , they 'd also discovered other things about `` the rich girl '' that set her apart : for one thing , meredith bancroft spoke more like an adult than a child ; in addition , she did n't know how to play any of the games they played at recess , and when she did play them , her unfamiliarity made her seem clumsy .
bending a look of dark displeasure on mrs. ellis , he said , `` when you came into my employ , madam , i thought we agreed that in addition to your supervisory duties as housekeeper , you would also advise my daughter on feminine matters when necessary .
in addition to being independence day , the fourth of july also marked the founding of glenmoor , and the club was alive with laughter and conversation as members with cocktails in their hands wandered from room to room , clad in the tuxedos and evening dresses that were mandatory attire for tonight 's dual celebration .
in addition to the controller who headed the financial division , and the store 's chief counsel who headed the legal division , there were five more vice presidents who were also general merchandise managers .
in addition to the five new stores that had been opened under her direction , the sites for five more stores had been selected , and construction was already under way at two of them .
`` in addition to my typing and shorthand skills , i am also a paralegal and a full-charge bookkeeper .
in addition to running our home and entertaining , there 's civic and charitable work- '' overwhelmed by a despair beyond anything she 'd known in years , meredith started to protest , and then gave up .
`` you 're not telling me that in addition to putting up your own things as collateral , you 've also personally guaranteed that loan for the new orleans store ? ''
`` in addition to the five-million-dollar settlement , '' levinson said , `` your husband will sell to bancroft and company a certain piece of property in houston for the sum of twenty million dollars . ''
in addition to her impressive assortment of medical degrees and a family tree that read like the social register , she had three other special attributes in great abundance : intuition , compassion , and total dedication .
in the last six weeks , in addition to teaching her classes , coaching her handicapped kids , giving private tutoring lessons , working on every civic and church committee in town , and taking charge of the bicentennial celebration , she has also wallpapered every room in her house ; rearranged every closet , drawer , and cabinet she has ; and repainted her garage .
in six short weeks , in addition to meeting with six producers , five studio heads , and countless other business associates , he 'd also read dozens of scripts , managed to bargain the tenants out of both his houses , hire new staffs , rehire part of his old staff , buy two cars , and order a plane .
her heritage explained her mother 's insistence that they learn to read and speak french in addition to english .
`` perhaps not , but in addition to all her other unpleasant qualities , kirby is the worst of gossips .
in addition , victoria 's great-grandmother is the duchess of claremont , and she apparently is n't going to acknowledge the girl .
he has n't tried to attack anyone , but farmers value their chickens , in addition to their families . ''
first came two coaches accommodating , in addition to lesser servants , northrup , the butler ; o'malley , the head footman ; and mrs. craddock , the cook .
in addition to the jewelry he had given her before , she now owned a pair of emerald earrings and a bracelet to match the necklace , diamond eardrops , a ruby brooch , and a set of diamond pins for her hair-something for each of the five consecutive nights he had made love to her since she had admitted trying to seduce him .
in addition to her gardening and the companionship of the servants , elizabeth took great pleasure in her friendship with alexandra lawrence .
in addition to the duenna 's daunting physical appearance , elizabeth observed shortly after their first meeting that miss throckmorton-jones possessed an astonishing ability to sit serenely for hours without twitching so much as a finger .
in addition to the sketches , there were dozens of lengthy , written reports about ian , some current , others dating all the way back to his youth .
the next one opened with , i did not realize , your grace , that you would wish to know how fast his horse ran in the race-in addition to knowing that he won .
in addition to completely misreading your feelings , i managed to buy a house on promenade street for which i will undoubtedly pay five times its worth . ''
mr. haymore mentioned these latest additions to the property-at least at some point during his rambling i remember him saying something about a blacksmith 's forge and candle-making shop and some other crap-but i did n't hear him mention where they 'd been built .
we finished our addition on the children 's home and are already in the planning stages for another on the other side of the region .
in addition to come charitable foundations , sherbrooke enterprises controlled the sherbrooke hotel chain which was one of the largest hotel chains in the world .
in addition to having a private elevator , the penthouse apartment had a full kitchen , living room , five bedrooms , and access to a private rooftop pool .
in addition to members of their family , elizabeth 's parents and siblings from england had flown over for the party .
in addition to his and her suites , the second floor also contained three guest bedrooms , a bedroom that had once been a nursery judging by the mural painted on the ceiling , a small office and access to a balcony that ran the entire length of the house , providing an unobstructed view of the ocean .
two additional mirrors hung over the long vanity in addition to the one already over the makeup table .
in addition to these dates , each village and town has its own designated patron saint to pay homage to .
he could n't have dreamed anything like this would happen when he 'd taken over the chore of approving the latest addition to gao 's personnel in damhoor .
jay counted fourteen different nationalities among the gao volunteers , in addition to the damhoorians , in every medical and administrative position , about a hundred in all .
and knowing that malek could n't spare enough medical staff post-disaster , in addition to the logisticians , health educators and cultural experts who made gao rise above other humanitarian efforts , a good percentage of the thirty were doctors .
in addition to breaking his thumbs , vincent had also fractured his forearm in the fight with marty .
with the assault charge you 're filing now , in addition to his attempt at extortion , this is enough to see him incarcerated again . ''
one thing that seemed different this morning , in addition to a very good ache between my legs , was that he seemed to want to be in physical contact with me at all times .
in addition to the parlor , family room and dining room i had seen , there was a huge kitchen and a cozy library on the first floor .
i wandered around the apartment that would eventually become my place too , stopping to look again at the pictures hanging on braden 's wall , the harvard crew he rowed with , braden with adam and mark at georgetown law , braden with his family in martha 's vineyard , and finally , the most recent addition , braden looking debonair in his tux and me not looking too shabby in my gown at his family 's fundraiser last month .
incidentally , in addition to the accent she also had a voice that made you want to jump off a bridge .
it used to be my mom and dad 's room until my dad added an addition with bedrooms to the back of the house .
i had shipped most of my belongings beforehand , so i only had one suitcase and a couple of boxes with me , in addition to trisha 's suitcase .
the complex reached its present size by gradual additions of more quadrangles connected by smaller rooms and passages .
`` and there are the only modern additions to the yacht 's outfitting-a fitness room and comprehensive water sports equipment storage .
he was goading her into even more catastrophic antagonism , into giving him enough incriminating evidence to report back to her father and the council that their newest addition was a disgrace to the body of power she represented and should be banned from public service forever .
gabrielle and durante 's fourteen-month-old boy , alessandro , was playing with the fifth-and they swore last-addition to paolo and julia 's family , with their older kids all over the place yet managing not to be noisy or disruptive , mostly babysitting the younger ones to give adults space to talk .
vincenzo countered , `` my line is that of one of his grandsons , who started building this place , but it reached its present size by gradual additions of more quadrangles over two centuries .
in addition to the list of charges luis and jase pressed against darius , cory also pressed his own list charges and darius had no choice but to plead guilty in order to receive a lesser sentence .
in addition to that , he 'd been taking cooking-or , as he and isabelle liked to put it , cookery-classes with his friend hillary three times a week , working hard on a winter ball for his favorite charity , the angel association , and managing to get his regular blog posts in on time for elena 's romantic treasures and tidbits .
as they were all trying to compose themselves , declan walked over carrying the new stone family addition .
in addition to russian , english , and italian , he spoke fluent french and had a good grasp of german-but i could barely get him to communicate with me about anything meaningful .
in addition to the overpowering lust and growing addiction i had for his incredible body and the pleasure it gave me , was there something else ?
every piece i 'd tried on aroused me , and when he called , the addition of his voice to the mix brought me near tears .
`` this is a fully functioning media center , but as you know ... '' she nattered on about historic preservation overlay zones and districts , the rules that had to be abided , how her agency would help buyers navigate the process , and why the media room was still a great addition .
but in addition to all of the personal revelations candace was having , she also felt more inspired to write than she ever had before .
he grinned at her , his eyes sparkling with humor in addition to that intense heat that never seemed to go away .
several of the usual suspects were there-a handful of local hockey and baseball players , in addition to several outlaws .
he always had such an easiness about him , but now in addition to his usual relaxed , confident stance , she saw joy too .
if things between them did n't work out , she did n't want to have to console her mother in addition to herself .
it was n't easy to stuff down her heady anticipation , but after she put mason down for his nap , she needed to make some seriously good use of the next couple of hours on another small article that was due soon , in addition to the one she was writing about dylan .
amused by her , he took a seat in an armchair next to eve , who in addition to being their sibling , was elec and evan 's pr rep. `` hey eve , what 's up ? ''
and she had a worry weighing on her like no other , in addition to the hurt she was feeling over ryder and his taking her to his love shack , aka the wynn hotel .
who in addition to giving her three orgasms , left hot coffee in two thermoses on the kitchen counter , a note next to them .
none of her neighbors were close , in addition to which , fairyville had an ordinance against commercial lights shining after ten .
`` in addition to the program we intend to institute , ian has spoken of taking this campaign nationwide .
`` assuming you get the appropriate paperwork and town approval , the addition will fit in nicely with the rest of the house .
`` we 're starting construction on the addition for the spa , '' he replied , just as loudly , speaking over the noise .
the neighbor , as nice as she was , could n't afford to keep connor in addition to her two other kids , and his trip through foster care had begun .
as she made her way to the bottom step , she noticed the newest addition to the wall , a picture of sam and spank in matching dresses .
both of us had been so stressed with work lately , and with the addition of lucah 's disaster of a brother , ryder , some nights we came home and just collapsed in bed .
lilia , in addition to her own email account , had access to mine , but i forgot sometimes that she could see it whenever she wanted .
in addition to getting me when he moved in , he also got my extensive dvd collection that sloane had added to over the years .
in addition to the people they 'd hired to do the investigation , they 'd hired a headhunter and had spent plenty of company dollars wooing ( stealing ) rising stars from other tech companies .
`` in addition to my stuff , my pictures and everything , '' he said as he led me up the stairs of the garage to almost the top level , `` this car has been with me through everything .
in addition to the getting emotional at random moments and the urges to declare my love almost constantly .
lucah said , sitting down on the bed , which now had the addition of a few throw pillows sloane had found somewhere .
lucah was n't here , and i wished ( in addition to the time machine ) that i had a way to beam him up from his office so he could be with me .
after a while we were all laughing so hard that there were tears and we were all gasping and rolling on the floor and i knew that my stomach , in addition to my back ( from the vigorous table sex ) was going to be sore tomorrow .
he smiled and kissed down my neck , licking and biting , and with the addition of the tongue barbell , i was a quivering mess by the time he used it to stroke one of my ni**les .
my piercing was designed to stimulate me in that area already , but in addition with the little ball on his tongue ring , i was coming undone in only a matter of moments .
i was pretty much over him , but she still wanted to go and let the air out of the tires of his beloved bmw and then key it , in addition to a lot of other illegal things .
sure , she 'd have the newest foster addition , rhona , but the girl was far from friendly and kept everyone at a distance .
in addition to that , meribel has 150km of pistes and even had a few decent snowparks as well as lots of non-ski activities .
in addition to all that , he 'd been ripped from his childhood home right afterward and thrust into the unpredictable world of foster care.. `` i am truly sorry , ms. weston .
`` as you both know , howard jahn amassed an extensive collection of art and artifacts in addition to his cash , securities , and real property holdings . ''
`` in addition to the property and contents thereof , your uncle left you one specific bequest of personal property .
i complied , then held my breath as something hard and flat smacked my rear once , then again , then one more time before evan stopped and pressed his hands to my flesh , rubbing at the sting , soothing it , turning the pain into pleasure , and the pleasure into the intensity of a need made all the more piquant by the addition of the plug , which , with each spank , seemed to tease me that much more .
in addition to the usual things like phone number and social security number , the employee form listed candy 's address in indiana as her permanent address and a local address that had been crossed out with red pen .
tonight 's sparkling gala celebrated the opening of this newest addition to chicago 's well-known river north gallery district , and everyone who was anyone was here .
i spent another hour poking around the house , measuring , taking notes , thinking about all the things i had to buy-in addition to the house itself-simply to make my meager amount of stuff fit into this tiny space .
in addition to all those things , cole had at least a dozen more gizmos and contraptions in the works , none of which he 'd tell me about .
in addition to my sparkly black top , i am decked out in a black leather miniskirt , thigh-high stockings , a tiny red thong , and very high , very fuckable heels .
and i 'm new enough to los angeles to crave the addition of a few more friends to the small circle i 've gathered since i 've moved to la .
the front door is more or less the same , the `` more '' being the addition of yet another deadbolt to the two locks that were already there .
she looked in danger of tipping over at any moment , and had her chest thrust forward to show it off , as though anyone could miss the new additions .
she headed straight to the podium , where i stood talking to a nice couple that was seriously considering purchasing one of the limited additions from this month 's featured photographer .
speaking of which , he now needed to go over the addition of the cocktail party with nathan , joe and edge so they could prepare for it and ensure that eden got there safely and that one of kgi would be in hearing distance of eden at all times .
nathan immediately started in on how gorgeous the governor 's daughter was and how the only fair thing was for them to flip a coin , but he sure hoped he 'd win because he 'd heard that in addition to being drop-dead gorgeous , she was also a complete nymphomaniac .
in addition she 'd received notice that she could officially close on her condominium in three weeks , and thus had all the planning associated with that endeavor filling up her days .
they also took long walks on the horse paths that cut through the large property , meandering by a wooded area and a small lake in addition to the vast acreage of the fields .
he 's suicidal in addition to being homicidal , so at least he 's an equal opportunity lunatic , '' kendra said , anger lacing her tone despite what she 'd said about niall 's defense of her ex-husband .
the manufacturer had followed his directions to perfection , the only exception being the addition of a dark pink circle around the top ring of the implement .
his body blocked her view , making it difficult to see what he set on the padded table in addition to the paddle as she removed the requested garments .
in addition to all that , she had the example of her mother when it came to sex-not an example to follow , but an example to guard against .
several minutes later , she stood alone in the huge bathroom , which featured a step-up marble spa bath in the center of it in addition to a steam shower .
i hope in addition to what i said , you 'll also hear me saying how lovely you are , '' he murmured , stroking her cheek .
in addition , the crime had happened during a well-publicized and well-attended press conference , the gunshot itself being picked up by press cameras .
after speaking with kam in detail about his shared past with gaines , in addition to discovering some journals that had belonged both to gaines 's mother and trevor himself , ian had begun to suspect that gaines had been abused as a young man by his new stepfather , alfred aurore .
`` if i gather baseline data for your entire body , in addition to the other information you provided from the sensor and from the questionnaire , i 'll be able to use a logarithm i created that will make an automatic correction for the data at the wrist .
in addition , the allegro cleaned house , getting rid of a few dealers and some other staffers who were in cahoots .
the meeting with denkler combined with the time at the shrink 's , in addition to all those jumbled feelings of fuck-uppery with aubrey had him on edge .
sofia said , clasping her hand over her heart , as if she truly was enthralled about the addition of a new vibrator to the crew of high-end pleasure devices the fancy pharmacy sold .
a late addition to the lot , the image was of that same man and woman , but this time without an umbrella , staring up at the sky , caught in the rain-big , buoyant raindrops that shone like stars .
she must have compiled some kind of dossier on him because she knew his height , weight , where he went to school , what he did for a living , how much money he earned , in addition to dozens of other details i probably could have done without .
i understood a man like him had to be a slave to his work , but always waking up alone in bed made me feel as i was something extra in his life , like an addition he did n't need .
in addition to tasting great , my chocolate martinis had the wonderful effect of making me hate the facade we had to keep up a little less , at least for the moment .
`` i do n't have any place for the baby , so i do n't mind moving in with you until i can have an addition put on this cottage .
why the hell would he care that this child was doing well in school , that her teacher was starting her off on addition even in preschool and several years ahead of her peers ?
i was getting seriously strapped , paying the utilities and property taxes on the place , in addition to my condo .
all of the clothes that had been on the airplane magically appeared in the master stateroom on the yacht with some new additions .
i had already decided she 'd be a great addition to my team and that working for me would be a good way for her to cut her teeth in the business and maybe harden up a bit .
the affair is our most formal event of the year , and in addition to raising a good chunk of money , it 's our chance to honor our biggest donors and supporters .
no , seriously , there were champagne fountains , in addition to two dozen or so servers strategically roaming the open room with trays of flutes filled with liquid gold .
both of our bodies seemed to relax at the same time once the fire burned out , proof of how much stress it had taken on us physically in addition to the mental and emotional turmoil .
i 've packed our bags , which in addition to toiletries and random articles of clothing , each include formal black attire suited for a funeral .
in addition to his rich , deep tone caressing the words , pace lingers over different parts of the story , points out objects on the page and names them , pauses at the turn of each new page so they can admire the illustration .
in addition to business problems today , her mother had called to nag her about her father 's clergy anniversary party .
in addition to putting you in a bind with missing the fight , that leaves four days ' worth of classes uncovered . ''
so in addition to sending you all the information , she chose five other companies she 'd heard positive feedback on and sent them the specs too . ''
in addition to being nocturnal , as many programmers were , he had come down with the flu the day before the meeting .
the current state of the space left much to be desired , but with some elbow grease and a few additions , we could make this work .
in addition to bombarding my brain with mindless television , i had been busy shoving down the memories of the other night that kept popping up , back down to the dark place i kept mark 's memories .
ky frequently contributed a drawing to the weekly mailing , in addition to demanding to talk to her at every opportunity .
so , in addition to her all-pro status of pushing people away , skylar excels at taking an eternity to make a decision , any decision .
in addition to losing the only person who 'd understood me , my father- stepfather-told me his true feelings ; he did n't accept me as a g*y man , never had , never would .
aunt carolyn babbled , `` i 've been putting off finishing this baby blanket for carter and macie 's newest addition .
in addition to keely 's cousins , chassie west glanzer and ramona west , the group included ginger paulson , a local attorney who was pals with libby and dr. joely monroe .
`` of course , i could n't tell them you 're the ultimate package because in addition to your stunning good looks and mouth-watering physique , you have a big cock . ''
and when you decide to jet off to romania to bring home your new additions , i will stay here and crack the whip on your four hooligans for as long as you need me to . ''
in addition to hannah , she employed a housekeeper , a groundskeeper , a personal trainer , a stylist , a publicist , a part-time chef , a financial planner , an agent ... and the list went on .
since chase had n't seen the newest addition to colby and channing 's family-hard to keep up with his prolific cousins ' offspring-he dutifully checked out the dark-haired , blue-eyed child .
it was a nice addition to the town , even when he questioned whether the citizens of sundance could support a second bank .
all the places agreed to allow promotional signage and flyers in their establishments , in addition to the entry boxes for the grand prize .
in the last year and a half i ... ah- '' he laughed self-consciously , `` -been flyin ' to vegas in addition to hitting all the big tournaments around here .
`` everything is finalized on the addition and we 'll start next week since we had a three-week hole in our schedule . ''
the master bath was fancier , boasting a steam shower in addition to the glass-walled shower , a double vanity and built-in cabinetry in every nook and cranny .
`` at the time dalton was confident with the addition of georgia and jessie into the mckay workforce all the brush could be cleared and improvements made within six months . ''
so in addition to bein ' a hypocrite , i 'm a controlling ass**le who does n't remember what it 's like to be young .
then after colby 's birth , in addition to taking care of a two-year-old and a baby , she tended their enormous garden , took on sewing projects for maxine , and with agnes 's encouragement , she 'd become involved with ladies circle at st. ignatius .
as long as we 're on that subject , i want the boys to start having household chores in addition to ranch chores . ''
she suspected carson had spent his time staring at the newest addition to their family with nothing less than awe .
in addition to running dewey 's delish dish , she was a cop 's wife , and dealt with cam 's lingering effects from his stint in the army and his career-and nearly life-ending injury .
in addition , it is in the manner of the spell that i could not say it alone and be able to return to my time without you . ''
that had been six months ago , and just four months before he 'd been forced to formally declare bankruptcy when the new addition did n't bring in as many new fans as he 'd planned .
despite the addition of a child to his household , and the eminent arrival of another one inside samantha 's womb , that dream seemed even farther away than it had before pavel and samantha had come to live with him .
of course the thought was quickly followed by tammy 's favorite addition : `` if it just sits in your living room , eating your food , messing up your stuff , and using your phone while taking all of your money , and never behaves as if you actually set it free in the first place ... you either married it or gave birth to it . ''
personally , she hated coming up with new syllabi and that was without the addition of a ... then again , she did have jesse .
no matter what eye color they 'd been born with , the moment they were brought back to life , in addition to being extremely light sensitive , their eyes were so dark as to be almost black .
she went to the shower and turned it on , then noticed that the clothes were n't the only additions he 'd made .
he is impressive , and given the way he savored the fight and victory , he should make a good addition to our group . ''
`` i wanted to make sure that our two newest additions did n't meet with resistance from the others . ''
in addition to the fact that she despised him as much as he despised her , melanthe was a light-skirted liar and thief who 'd proved malicious to the bone .
in addition to all their history-and all her offendments-melanthe was a sorceri , a species that confounded him with their counterintuitive ways .
in addition to the mercreatures , she saw selkies with their seal-skin coats , tree nymphs , and satyrs .
alec was dressed in a sober black suit ; magnus , to simon 's surprise , was similarly dressed , with the addition of a long white silk scarf with tasseled ends and a pair of white gloves .
we come to a stop in front of an oversized covered porch-judging by its newer and mismatched shingles and wood beams , clearly a later addition to the house-and i immediately spot the gray-haired figure sitting on a bench , her lap covered by a large quilt , needle in hand .
terry the deejay 's voice crackles over the speaker to announce , `` next up is charlie ... a new addition to penny 's .
it is good for wind and the ague , and it is , in addition , a gentle soporific , which has the curious property of causing one who tastes of it to speak nothing but the truth for several hours .
in addition to the captain and meggot there were five other members of the crew , a disparate bunch who seemed content to let captain alberic do all the talking , which he did , with his ale-pot in one hand , and the other hand alternately concerned with holding his stubby pipe and conveying food into his mouth .
in addition to killing his bride 's kind , horde vampires often imprisoned them and fed nightly on their exquisite blood .
he was one of the few vampires she 'd encountered who might actually be interested in sex in addition to blood .
in addition to deadening his abilities , his doses suppressed his emotions and any appetites , whether for food-or for sex .
she was indeed absent , but there were three new inmates in addition to the sorceress from before : two more sorceri-portia , the queen of stone , and emberine , the queen of flames .
nine months later , she has a little boy , finds out sean 's married , comes home , and life goes on with the addition of a car seat in the back .
`` change her so far that the charms wo n't recognize her , '' she added , her head tilted as she assessed the latest addition to her scrapbook from hell .
it had been to celebrate the addition of a few new members , but everyone except david had treated me as if i was some sort of revered personage .
notable background : subject was taken over by bloodlust due to a curse of unknown origins and nearly killed human female danika ford in addition to her maternal grandmother , mother and older sister .
during aeron 's blood-curse , the demon had spoken to him-in one-word commands-in addition to flashing violent images through his mind .
then , beside the beast , between two other pillars , another monster appeared , and strider blinked at the sudden addition .
he could have stripped and presented himself as a slave , or a new addition to the harem , but he refused to relinquish his new weapons .
talk to cronus , spank the guy 's wife , kill galen while he was at his weakest and find kane , but first , he wanted to catch up with his friends and visit the newest additions to the family .
this time , he offered no addition , and the warmth returned to her body , speeding through her veins , and oh , sweet heat , suddenly her heart was racing faster than ever before , her bones melting , the rest of her liquefying .
`` and now , ladies and gentlemen , we are proud to introduce the newest addition to the lucky horn family .
`` in addition to containing the transmitter , the serum stimulates the amygdala , which is the part of the brain involved in processing negative emotions-like fear-and then induces a hallucination .
i tell her that there is important information in the erudite compound , in addition to all the knowledge they possess , that especially needs to be recovered .
we will then all do those jobs on a rotation schedule , in addition to the other duties that have traditionally been performed by the factions . ''
so , in addition to managing all the girls ' needs backstage , which included being a surrogate mother , a psychologist , a makeup artist , a troubleshooter , and a comedian , grace also taught them how to dance .
this , in addition to their standardized bag of gear , was all that our players were allowed to bring for their six weeks on the island .
then a year later , you need some more space , and you salvage some more wood and you add on to the end of the last addition .
in addition , there was a fireplace large enough to park a car inside and a wall made entirely of floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking an expansive patio with a view of endless , rolling , vine-covered hills .
it can , though not the way you think ; the tablet has the ability to open portals to other points in time in addition to other dimensions .
in addition , staying here only increases the odds that i might overlap with myself , something that must be avoided .
my spirit soared as i thought of another addition to this family , as i thought of watching elizabeth 's bel y grow with another child , of standing by her side , and of being there when it was brought into this world .
most people think the pagoda is a cute tourist attraction and a quirky addition to our otherwise boring little nowhere city .
i could n't see him drawing plans for his next octagonal addition or a crazy idea for how to make his own solar panels .
`` but you might want to spend some time reading mackinnon and dworkin , in addition to next week 's books .
in addition to professor lowell 's screenwriting session , natasha is also signed up for a range of core curriculum and film modules .
which reminds me that in addition to the dubious honor of being a newly owned psi delt doable , i 'm also not exactly riding high in my study partner 's good books .
in addition to the boy at the jared jameson show , i also hooked up ( to use native parlance ) with somebody else at a frat party over the weekend .
descending the stairs i saw the same group that had been in london that first night , with the addition of lyla and another girl , her mousy-brown hair tied up into a bun .
the explanation was simple : the usual history teacher was off on maternity leave , and the current unit for both our class and the a2 class was sagean history , so mr. sylaeia would teach both classes together in addition to english .
the garage doors were fully raised when i rounded the building , the only change in my appearance the addition of the school 's v-neck jumper and my school bag .
there were clearly two questions on the lips of every single person who entered the room , but it was n't until gwen thundered in , flopped down into a chair opposite the prince , and pointed at the two newest additions to the homeroom group , that anyone was brave enough to voice their curiosity .
the guests did not stop arriving , and having been roped in as hostess , i found myself hitting repeat when explaining that the gorgeous , mirrored ballroom was based on the one in the palace of versailles , and had been the atheneas ' recent addition to the place .
but zane , with the self-assured addition to his attitude , was hitting buttons ty hadn '' t even known he possessed .
the first half of the day had been perfect , only to be marred by the addition of the two criminals in love in the backseat .
something tells me losing the element of surprise in addition to being deficiently armed is not the best strategy .
i google the ridgefield community art colony where mom holds questionable unemployment as a docent twice a week in addition to her meat and potato grind at the diner , but it 's like it never existed .
`` according to these documents , you fell a good twenty feet and sustained a nasty contusion at the base of your cerebellum , in addition to a laceration above the temple . ''
in addition to hating the people of the penis , she 's picked up the habit of accusing every girl at austen house of hosting the opposite gender in our rooms at regular intervals .
`` in addition to this beautiful confection '' -the cake chief rolls his neck with his signature attitude the camera has grown to love- '' i 'm offering you a free cake from our bakery every month for the entire next year as a way to extend the celebration . ''
isis ignores my plea and opens a drawer full of bright purple and blue stones that look like they 'd make a fine addition to any pool table .
a part of me wants to bring up the news of drake 's newest addition , but i do n't dare spare him the fun of broadcasting the announcement himself .
in addition to being taken by the counts and losing every region so far in the faction war , chloe has hijacked my boyfriend .
in addition to warning ships of false danger , i 'm pretty sure i 've managed to freeze the muscles of every living creature on the island .
`` trust me , you 'll be in need of far more than basic addition skills to navigate your way around the relational values you 've embroiled yourself in . ''
she 's thinner , obviously without child , but there 's something off about her in addition to that .
`` in addition to that , '' my voice shakes , `` and more importantly , '' god , my head would explode like a watermelon if i fell right now and with my rotten luck , dr. oliver would figure out a way to glue me back together-it so would n't be pretty .
`` in addition to one hundred hours of community service , i charge you a penalty fee of five hundred dollars .
`` in addition to whatever you 've got planned , make him take an anger management course-put him in a sober living home to detox .
in addition to that , i 've bought and traded enough stocks and assets over this last year alone to create a nice financial cushion for laney and me .
with the addition of luke 's parents , lucy and neil , and two siblings , samantha and mark , along with my parents as well , this house is overflowing with bodies , loud with voices and laughter , and is a little too warm .
we will be serving you three courses , in addition to an appetizer course and , of course , dessert .
in the three months that caleb was gone , dom has worked hard to get to know all of us and he 's been a welcome addition to the family .
she poured herself a mug with a splash of skim milk and went to her vitamins , taking the cocktail of supplements with the addition of two capsules of ibuprofen .
not to mention , with all of this , in addition to his clothes in her closet , his body in her bed , the rather luxurious roof over her head and opulent wardrobe he had provided her , he had made it abundantly clear she had his continued protection , his undivided attention and his profuse generosity .
the family all back together , healthy , happy , and growing with the addition of vi and her girls .
he thought that was funny , and being young and into him , i 'd thought it was the same , with the addition of goofy and sweet .
his expression shifted from sex-satisfied with the addition of aggravated to sex-satisfied with the addition of warm affection before he asked , `` what you want ? ''
she 'd sung in the children 's choir at church in addition to both the junior high and high school choirs .
and , in addition to the first time he did it , mike had left me in the night once to do a walkthrough of the house .
they just marred the faultless male beauty that had once been his face , making it , with the addition of the lines , rugged and interesting and more than a little scary .
a couple years later , they even built on a big addition at the back where they had their own bedroom , bathroom and living room and pretty much gave us the rest of the house .
his face had returned to hard , with the addition of cold , when he stated , `` so you 're sayin ' you did n't need lydie . ''
the tip of skylar 's tongue was poking out of the side of his mouth as he concentrated on some addition and subtraction questions i 'd written on a piece of paper .
he winced at my voice with the addition of a curled lip to show his distaste , the latter of which i did n't like all that much .
jacanda , who had naturally taken over as leader of the girls after we lost teetru ( a surprise , i would have guessed gaal or maybe packa , but jacanda was really good at it , the girls took to her and settled very quickly ) , took quixa under her wing and was delighted with the addition .
the addition of stunning , sultry , stylish , sophisticated , smart abby was callous and even cruel , but cash did n't care .
`` kieran , get them the f**k out of here , '' cash repeated , his glance going back to the fireplace , his addition of the f-word boding bad tidings .
julia was also the chosen guardian of tamsin 's children and that , in addition to his regard for gavin , meant douglas had to find some way to make the situation work .
`` i 'm not insane , '' he assured her , his voice made even more effective by the addition of a teasing note .
considering she was just a meddling national trust volunteer who had very clumsily , not to mention with the addition of with unneeded mystery , instigated a meeting with him and an american woman who looked like the portrait of beatrice godwin , colin lost interest in her .
`` i 'll inform mrs. manning of the addition , '' he replied , though he sounded strangely pleased .
the three women he was currently accommodating were saved from his wrath that evening by the addition of a fourth .
and the specific instructions that would make sibyl and colin 's nightmare come true with the addition of mrs. byrne being targeted for `` neutralisation '' in this heinous plot were chilling .
this time it was hard , thorough , deep and long with the addition of being wet , hot and tasting deliciously of custard and sponge .
hank led me out the door and i began to relax thinking he 'd take me home , likely kiss me ( which would be a lovely addition to a lovely memory ) and then we 'd be done .
i waited until they returned , both stony-faced with the addition of riley looking way , way pissed off and i opened my mouth to give it to luke for being a he-man , tough guy jerk when he grabbed my purse .
jules ( after sissy dropped me off , i had a shower , picked up luke 's newest clothing additions from the floor , started a load of his laundry and sat at my computer to research all-inclusive vacations in jamaica ) : `` give him time , ava .
i turned my head to see what was causing the tension and i saw luke standing close wearing his customary black with the addition of a killer black-leather motorcycle jacket .
also indy , her neighbors tod and stevie ( a g*y couple i knew from meeting them at indy 's many parties which i attended back in the days pre-mace ) , ava , daisy ( a new-ish addition to the club , i 'd met her too , she looked just like dol y parton , but a younger version and yes , she even had the enormous hooters ) and al y .
they did this with the addition of lemon drops which we drank sitting on stools around their kitchen island ( they had a fabulous kitchen , all chrome and gleaming black cabinets and granite countertops , it was buddy 's domain , he cooked like a dream ) .
buddy spent the morning gulping down copious amounts of ibuprofen mixed with acetaminophen with the addition of caffeine in his coffee .
this time , i had to put my pajamas back on ( so i did , with the addition of hector 's flannel shirt ) and , with my stuff there , i added brushing my teeth and washing my face .
`` you need to know a few things about sadie , '' buddy said and ralphie 's head snapped to him again , this time with the addition of narrowed eyes .
there were margarita glasses scattered amongst bowls of chips and guacamole with the bizarre addition of loads of tubes , tubs , brushes , combs , sprays , bottles , jars , mirrors and hair dryers .
we went to the brownstone and i did my business ( with the addition of buddy begging hector and me to take yoyo , even if she was spending the night at hector 's because , he explained , ralphie was becoming so attached to the dog , buddy feared there would be a dognapping ) .
we 'd been through pretty much everything , so even with the additions of the rock chicks , i would never have a bff who was more of the `` b '' than indy .
just that , with the addition of jet 's seven month 's pregnant belly , it made it a tight squeeze .
`` the addition is done , '' she told me , referring to the new kickass laundry room eddie and hector added on to their house so jet did n't have to walk down to the basement to do laundry .
dad , hank and lee with the not expected but not surprising addition of tom savage , indy 's father , my second dad and my dad 's best friend .
`` hector , vance , ike and bobby , as well as darius and brody are backin ' your play , ally , '' lee said , and i turned my attention to him , surprised and pleased at the unknown addition of bobby .
i took a handful of cashews ( indy 's addition to the party and part of what herb was gobbling up ) and popped a few into my mouth , watching roxie 's mom and dad ( and tex 's sister and brother-in-law ) , herb and trish-in town from indiana for the big event-fight in blanca 's backyard .
why , take the h away add in an s ... it 's simple subtraction , addition ... '' he pointed at his temple .
already working on stopping elizabeth in her tracks , so revenge motivation is an unnecessary addition to my plans .
i sat at a table in the common area , as plain and impersonal as any hospital waiting room but with the addition of small round tables peppered with chairs .
in addition to the lunch and then the popcorn , she had her fair share of fast food before the day was over .
he helped me into the tub ; in addition to the pain inflicted by izel , my large belly made it difficult to do on my own .
`` in exchange for all information on vonnegut and an ongoing hunt for him , the united states would remain deaf and blind to your operations , and in addition , would provide you with all necessary essentials-funds , authorization into top secret files , anything-when working an assignment for us . ''
she sits tied to that chair ; her legs and ankles and torso wrapped many times and pulled so tight she can hardly move ; her forearms and wrists are bound to the metal arms , in addition to the chains and cuffs .
three more times-in addition to the probably ten others before that one-the little boy bangs against the back of my seat , until finally the mother hurriedly leaves with him , apologizing to me again just before she walks away with her young son 's hand clasped in hers .
he opened the door to the new addition and set darcy on her feet before reaching to switch on the lights .
in addition , sarah draws on power that has been untapped for years , thanks to her broken bloodline .
my gut clenched at the thought of what i was doing when sofia suddenly walked in on me - just another addition to the growing pile of issues i was contending with .
and justin ... well , serena did n't have a handle on sean 's twin yet , beyond sensing that he was really nice in addition to being ridiculously good looking .
extremely glad to get out of the master suite , she took him up the stairs to the second floor , and when they reached the landing , she said , `` in addition to the master suite on the ground floor , there are three other bedrooms upstairs . ''
when the ceo said that he thought the tower was a `` terrible addition '' to the otherwise `` decent '' house , mia had been dismayed by the relief that flooded through her , almost as if ford should be the only person to have the house .
all of smith 's brothers and sisters were there , ready and excited to meet two new additions , hopefully tonight .
but neither of them could wait another second to meet the two new additions to the family , so they quickly broke apart and stepped into sophie and jake 's room .
of course , there were other things she 'd felt during the past hour , in addition to the anger at her ex snooping in on her life and james trying to intimidate her .
`` i 'm totally bummed to hear you 're not actually going to be marrying my brother , because you 'd be such a great addition to our family , but i have to admit i thought you seemed a little too surprised by the public congratulations at the game yesterday .
the budding leaves on the vines , the mustard flowers blooming in every free patch of dirt , the rolling hills , the bright blue sky above , the masses of flowers in pots and displays at the end of every row of seats-they were all breathtaking additions to the love between chase and chloe .
in addition to the horrible bruises all across his jaw and over one eye , the ribs on his right side were turning black and blue .
nothing had changed between then and now , nothing but the knowledge of how soft , how giving , how sweet she was , in addition to all that bravery .
no doubt , in addition to having terrible morning breath , she also had tons of mascara stuck to her face .
in addition to her wallet , some spearmint gum , a bottle of smartwater , and a bar of green and black 's organic dark , there was a shitload of ysl rouge pur couture lipstick .
thinking back to that craziness with adrian in the bathroom , he still had no idea what had happened-but in addition to getting his vision back , he was now hard , and he was more than willing-and , thanks to that guy , he appeared to be , after so long , able as well .
there were a number of new additions , however-three dust-free duffel bags were clustered around adrian 's feet .
from what wrath remembered , in addition to the guy 's great education and the quality of his thinking , he dressed in the fashion of a well-bred son of the glymera .
when benloise had given her the assignment , he 'd provided her with the make and model of the man 's suv , in addition to that address out on the hudson .
the shadow and his brother were the most recent additions to the brotherhood house , and as the owner and head chef of the ultra-old-school salvatore 's restaurant , iam had more than proved his chops with linguine-although that was not to say fritz approved of the guy getting out all those multi-gallon pots : as usual , the butler was hovering in the periphery , apoplectic that one of the household guests was doing any cooking .
as upset as i was about the man i loved nearly losing his life , they had the same fears , in addition to the fear of dying themselves .
`` i have n't been able to try our new dosing on the current subjects yet , and with the addition of myka 's dna , i think the implant integration process will go even more smoothly than before .
part-human , part-machine , and while both of his systems have integrated and work together , they 're still separate , like with most cybernetic additions people have installed .
i did n't f ight her , too consumed with the newest addition to the ever-growing mountain of problems .
she set the blankets down on a dresser shoved in the corner , a new addition since milo 's arrival , and she jumped .
`` in addition , i ask that kate and eric be in charge of finding a suitable candidate for a more permanent role . ''
she could n't deal with the powerful emotions he evoked-in addition to the disappointment of learning what she had about mark .
maybe that was why she did n't have much of a love life-in addition to the fact that she refused to date anyone who worked at the prison , which ruled out most of the men in crescent city .
telling herself to be diplomatic-she or virgil might need rick 's support as they navigated the next few weeks-she tried to bear up under the stress of having him around , in addition to what weston jager had said in his note , and forced a smile as she walked in .
he could n't wait to cradle this latest addition to their family in his arms and feel he had half a chance of protecting what they 'd fought so hard to create .
vivian did n't think she could cope with that right now , not in addition to the pressure and worry she was already experiencing .
she felt terrible about that , in addition to everything else , but laurel was n't the only friend she 'd neglected .
for the first time since she could remember , she was wearing three petticoats in addition to her corset .
did that mean he had a knife or some other weapon , in addition to the pistol he had already discharged ?
in addition to gail , simon , callie , levi , eve , gail 's brother , joe , and the fbi , some of skip 's former schoolteachers had come to pay their respects .
too many whiskey creek citizens were upset with her for `` trying to ruin the reputations of four good men '' in addition to the memory of the golden boy they 'd lost .
but he 'd been a far more welcome addition to coffee on fridays than sophia , even though she 'd been coming a lot longer .
a relatively new addition to their lives , it was proof that her mother would have more difficulties to face as her own disease progressed .
when she was a teenager , she 'd stocked the shelves , coordinated tows and written up work orders in addition to running the register .
whatever injuries he sustained there were in addition to the truck accident or , as the police implied , a fight with barker .
a calculated conquest because now , in addition to getting exactly what he wanted from you at the cabin , you 're going to help him . ''
by the time the reverend became bold enough to invade her room , in addition to the occasional forced visits to his office , she was so ashamed and mortified by the thought of someone seeing those pictures that he no longer had to threaten her .
in addition to the payments on his manhattan flat and vehicles-not to mention parking for those vehicles-he 'd spent a fortune on private investigators , skip tracers , airfare , hotels and rental cars .
or she could read it ... . she thought of the events ahead of her -- her wedding on december 5 , the birth of her first child a year or two after that , the addition of other children .
she 's too fragile to deal with the issues between her and her father in addition to the current crisis . ''
`` remember that husband and wife in canada who victimized the wife 's sister in addition to murdering two other girls ? ''
the mirror affixed to the ceiling of the master bedroom might be a tacky addition , but certainly was n't proof of wrongdoing .
with the addition of the scabs over a multitude of cuts and scratches , the unwashed mess her black hair had become and the gash on her forehead , which had required ten stitches , she could almost pass for the bride of frankenstein .
in addition to that , he patches up other people 's animals-any animals , really-just because he 's good at it .
robert would be all too happy to think he 'd achieved his goal ; she could n't deal with that in addition to everything else .
and for you to do this to him in addition to everything else he 's endured ... . '' despite her heartbreak , a spark of anger came to jane 's rescue .
she wanted to get up and pace , but she did n't move for fear she 'd wake kate and have her daughter 's questions to answer in addition to her own .
in addition to that , she knew her family was n't going to be happy about her moving in with booker , even if it was only temporary .
in addition to a general lack of contact , rebecca had been busy , what with hatty lining up project after project .
she 'd meet the newest addition to their group , whoever was driving the white pickup , eat and help clean up , then grab a newspaper and head home , she decided .
the buildings had recently been painted ; a new addition stuck out from the main hall like an extra appendage .
in addition , this gives you ample time to recommit to your classwork without any ... distractions . ''
i did n't fully understand what it was to be an addict , but i 'd seen the pain that many of the group were dealing with and i was beginning to understand how complex the issue of addition was .
in addition to every size and shape of knife and dagger , it holds razor-edged rondelles , used to kill from a distance .
in addition to gowns and finery , we have sent a small trunk of the tools and supplies your service to mortain will require .
`` in addition to the great fondness i bear your lady sister , is not beating the french at their own game enough ?
in addition to the night whispers and the newly sharpened knife , i arm myself with two other knives and a garrote bracelet as well as my lethal crucifix .
over beast 's loud protestations that he is fine , i warn duval that , in addition to having a fever , beast can not put any weight on his leg .
in addition to the men-at-arms and original charbonnerie , we have been joined by a dozen more of the charcoal-burners , two blacksmiths , a handful of woodcutters and crofters , and three burly farmers ' sons .
once i have placed the girl in sister serafina 's capable hands , i leave the infirmary to inform the abbess of our new addition .
but in addition to all that terror , one of my moments of greatest joy occurred in that room , and i can not help but wonder if that joy is in some way tied to the abbess 's decision to groom me as seeress .
in addition to the giant , the armored knight , and the lanky youth , there is an elegant , sharp-featured man whose face is tinged with the unmistakable arrogance of nobility .
surely you recognize that now , in addition to your crimes against the kingdom , you have committed crimes against mortain . ''
the adult creatures did n't fit up here , but the beasts made a nice addition to the stewpot when they caught them .
they dropped their dishes in the galley , where a thin man glared at the addition to the washing-up pile .
on the surface , that seemed like a generous offer , but dred knew grigor had more space in addition to having the largest standing army in perdition .
in addition to being the best bad dancer ever , angus could move well when he was being serious-to the point that people loved watching him .
it helped to discover he had quirks , too , in addition to the insecurity over the looks-versus-brains dichotomy i already knew about .
in addition , he enjoyed classic movies , big band music , going to antique shops with my mom and , of course , karaoke .
in fact i was n't thrilled about the new addition on my head , considering that since i wore my hair so short , the bald spot from the scar was bound to show .
ashley apparently forgot all about my fatness and ugliness marring her party and bounded over to the new additions .
i really was , and now with the addition of nash and the new and exciting way he tended to force me outside of my comfort zone , i was even starting to appreciate all the new things in it .
he had moves i had never seen before and the addition of that metal cross on the tip of his impressive package kicked things up to a mind-melting level .
rome had closed the business to the public for the night but that did n't mean the place was n't filled to the brim with family and friends wanting to say good-bye and welcome the newest addition to our crazy family .
in addition to the weight loss and general disarray of his clothes and normally perfectly styled hair , there was now a gaping wound on his cheek , his eyebrow was split open , and there were rusty smears of blood along the back of both of his hands .
zee kim , in addition to being a first-class gossipmonger/ party queen , was a former child prodigy .
apparently , in addition to dabbling in evil , he was also a whore for being fawned over by people who considered him a celebrity .
my mind was doing some quick mental additions , and the fact that chloe was cheerleader ex number two on the jack front had me more than a little suspicious .
the idea that his second-in-command would have been to see shay without him was nearly unthinkable , until i recalled the obvious : in addition to being callum 's second , sora was also shay 's mother .
even with the addition of the six females in my pack who had been born human , there were fewer than two dozen female weres in the country .
if we were lucky , maybe in addition to putting out political fires , he 'd be able to tell us something about ghosts .
even with the addition of caroline , four was a small number to represent our pack , but devon was my second-in-command , and at the moment , he was bleeding power , anger , pain .
in addition to having superstrength , accelerated healing , awesome senses , and an extended life span , werewolves , i had recently discovered , were also pretty much immune to the horrors of poop .
... `` in addition to increasing your training regimen , i have four conditions for the permissions you seek . ''
so by the time he turned around , in addition to being frozen in place , she was a little bit dizzy .
as excited as we were to have a new addition to our family , i knew we were n't going to be able to go to north carolina with the rest of the family .
in a few short months , we would be welcoming another addition to our growing family and when i thought about their future , i hoped that they would be as close as i was with my cousins .
i was already a father , and a damn good one at that , but hearing that miranda and i had created another addition to our family , well it was one of the happiest moments of my life .
we kept joking to colt that he was soon going to have to build an addition just to house all of the pictures she had .
ty and conner were busy with new additions to the farm and the kids took up every second of my time .
chapter 17 colt with the addition of noah to our family , savanna and i did n't exactly have a lot of alone time .
`` as much as i love our family , i ca n't wait to get home and get that addition done so we can sleep naked every night . ''
while the people in the room celebrated the birth of this new addition , i struggled with keeping the last thing i ate down .
all i was to my dad was a disappointment , and this new addition to our family made it more obvious .
because in addition to feeling daphne 's emotions , i 'd also gotten a glimpse of carson 's when i 'd fished the rose charm out from behind his desk yesterday .
in addition to going to school with all the mythological warrior kids , i also had to learn about their whole stupid history .
okay , so maybe i had several good reasons to be jumpy , in addition to the fact that i was standing here alone in the dark with logan quinn .
in addition to a variety of hyacinths and lotus trees , the courtyard featured a round fountain with marble nymphs that sprayed water up into the air in a continuous stream .
now , in addition to your regular gym class , you 're also going to be getting private lessons every day from your combat tutor to bring you up to speed on how to use your sword . ''
in addition to her psychic powers , grandma also had some mad baking skil s. i breathed in and could practical y taste the dark chocolate , rich brown sugar , and bittersweet almond flavoring she 'd already stirred into the batter .
in addition to going to classes and weapons training , i also had to work several hours a week at the library of antiquities as sort of an after-school job .
in addition to studying , the library was one of the main places on campus where students came to hang out and be seen .
in addition to being the best fighters at mythos , the spartans also had a reputation for being the most bloodthirsty .
in addition to being a valkyrie , daphne also had some major computer skil s. she was in the tech club at mythos , which was real y just an after-school group for al the budding hackers at the academy .
i noticed the guy was carrying a staff in addition to his backpack , while the girls both had scabbards that held swords .
in addition to their inherent warrior strengths and skills , all the kids at mythos also had other powers , bonus magic as it were , everything from enhanced senses to the ability to heal others to being able to call up storm clouds and control the weather .
in addition to their obvious beauty , each piece in apate 's jewelry collection is rumored to be imbued with the goddess 's deceptive power .
in addition to concerts , the aoide auditorium also hosted everything from musicals to sporting events .
because in addition to his lecture , i 'd probably have to listen to several more , including one from alexei .
in addition to being the god of beginnings and endings , janus is also associated with doors and gates .
i moan at the press and roll of his mouth over mine , and the addition of his thumb sliding behind me , slowly killing me as he caresses my little ass .
in addition , the deep shadows between the valleys of stacked boxes left much of the floor in pitch darkness .
in addition , the latest version of the formula that had been specially engineered for him was expanding his range of powers .
in addition , they got into the society 's genealogical database to set up a solid history for her , too . ''
in addition there was a belt in rosser 's bedroom that was identical to the one that was with the girl in the storage locker in your aunt 's basement .
in addition , a little research earlier in the evening had turned up the fact that , like most hospitals , it occasionally relied on temporary agency help to fill in when there was a staffing crunch .
in addition , knowing that an antidote exists would help undermine nightshade 's hold over its operatives .
in addition to trying to move into the mainstream , the threat presented by nightshade appears to be growing stronger .
in addition to being linked to their voices , the talent is also connected to their sexuality , hence the siren label . ''
when she came running out of 604 i realized that in addition to wearing a wig and the big glasses , she also had on a lot of heavy makeup .
she had to admit , however , that , in addition to his adoration and his billions , newlin had one immensely useful attribute .
in addition , craigmore came out of the depths of a government agency that specialized in creating false backgrounds .
the part of him that he did not advertise to the world-the not-quite-normal part-was still running hot , which meant he was flooded with parasensory input in addition to the information collected by his normal senses .
in addition , fallon was certain that some of the society 's carefully guarded computer files had been hacked into by someone who was very good when it came to not leaving tracks .
in addition , she was definitely not accustomed to being out of control the way she had been a few minutes before .
in addition , none of the few numbers that valerie had entered into the device 's phone book seemed unusual .
`` in addition to the number and location of the offshore account , i found two other items in meredith 's safe-deposit box , '' leonora said quietly .
in addition to the myths and fairy tales that feature mirrors , there are all those old master painters such as jan van eyck and rubens and goya who used them for symbolic purposes in their art .
in addition to the mirrors several pieces of old , heavy , victorian-style furniture had also been stashed up here .
`` sometimes i forget that you write romance novels in addition to selling real estate , '' owen muttered .
in addition to a vast array of odd tools and machines , there was a large collection of crystals and stones that he knew would fascinate sam .
`` whoever he is , in addition to being very , very good on a computer , he must have his finger on the pulse of what 's happening there in wilby , '' nick said .
in addition to the coppersmith family and friends , all of the local residents of the island had been invited to the ceremony and the reception .
in addition to possessing psychic talents of one kind or another , they were smart , resourceful and capable of thinking for themselves in the field .
in addition to the recent loss of its founder , nightshade was also reeling from the shock of jandj 's discovery and destruction of several clandestine formula labs .
there were two more sets of fresh tracks in addition to those left by the housekeeper and the woman who had come to see stone last night .
in addition his senses had to be close to exhausted after the way he had used them to take down sandy and ike .
in addition , there was no knowing if his mind would be strong enough to repair the damage done to his original talent .
in addition , maintaining a low profile was job one for any self-respecting conspiracy that wanted to survive .
they were still revolting enough to make me want to vomit , but in addition to being in the grayish colors of the past , they felt fainter , like i was watching a movie instead of experiencing them firsthand .
in addition to fabian and his equally transparent girlfriend floating above the room , bones 's best friend , spade , was here .
the second message was from her brother , nick , letting her know that he had just mailed the manuscript of the most recent addition to his successful suspense series to the editor .
in addition to the macabre rock formation , it boasted an intricate network of small caves in the cliffs that framed the tiny beach .
`` all i did was mention that i knew the institute 's selection committee had your name under consideration for a joint appointment and that you would make a wonderful addition to the faculty .
`` in addition to asking a lot of questions , he did a thorough search of kaitlin 's house and car that night .
if , and i repeat , if , gabe ever brought up the subject of marriage , i would want to know that i was more important to him than just another addition to his empire . ''
`` why go to all the trouble of starting up a business in a small town in addition to one in portland ?
in addition to the desk and its accompanying chair , the only other furnishings in the room were a recliner and a reading lamp .
`` and now you 've got to sort through all of this junk in addition to putting together a web site project and operating the bakery . ''
in addition to tourists , the inn drew a steady clientele from the institute and chamberlain college .
`` in addition to your picture of winston , i received a lot of pictures of horses and one or two cow portraits . ''
it occurred to her that , in addition to feeling pissed off , she also felt strong and decisive this morning .
the city could also look back at me , so i invested in pleated blinds in addition to two sets of curtains , one gauzy and white , the other thick opaque white .
he wanted a child with telepathic magic in addition to his own telekinetic powers , so after careful consideration , he found my mother .
in addition to spending a fortune on hairstylists in the past few months , she had also invested heavily in expensive , fashionable optical wear in an attempt to find a look .
`` in addition to freelancing for lawson , i 'm a business consultant , specifically a venture capitalist .
by the way , did i tell you that belvedere said that in addition to raising your salary , he 'll let you have a full-time assistant if you return immediately ? ''
`` in addition , it looks like a member of the professional staff signed in for the night shift on the night that belvedere died .
in addition , although he had listened closely , he had not heard her voice except through the phone .
in addition , she was very , very smart and she and lawson were both dedicated to the same kind of research .
in addition to his growing list of publications , he had recently exposed a fraudulent necklace that was supposed to have dated from the sixteenth century .
in addition , he could handle a sword , as he had proven the day he fought his way to safety after an assassination attempt in a church .
in addition , i 'm counting on this house , looking exactly as it did that night ail those years ago , to inspire some memories in the man . ''
the appearance of quarrel , with his mysterious ability , was too much to swallow in addition to this business of having to go back to the house on the cliffs .
in addition to the lack of caitlin 's past , i do n't like the fact that kincaid showed up in our lives last week , right after we got involved with evanger , who , we now discover , is planning to publicly humiliate him .
it might have been smarter to negotiate for a percentage of the treasure in addition to the consulting fee for the authentication report . ''
he began to detail a stone-by-stone examination of the west wing , and doug paid close attention to his description of how to differentiate original construction from later patches and additions .
in addition to taking a couple of beers or a glass of whiskey in the evenings , deke did like women .
in addition to allowing brinker to bruise himself on his own vehicle , did you by any chance make threats ? ''
`` the only other thing i can remember is that , in addition to being worried about your safety , sara was also concerned for the young man who brought you home that night , '' ellen said .
`` hong kong `` honor explained very carefully , `` was where i learned that in addition to their legitimate work nick and leo went into an interesting sideline . ''
in addition to the satisfaction there was an undeniable feeling of pure , masculine pleasure in watching honor wash the damn shirts .
in addition , the unrelenting pressures of the educational system back in rendezvous had ensured that there was very little time left to students for such frivolities as sexual experimentation .
`` in addition to your own personal feelings , you were being bombarded with a lot of what i was reeling .
`` in addition to the fact that it costs three times as much to ship that way , quench was n't sure it would really buy him any protection .
in addition the heavy atmosphere was overlaid with a distinctive , unpleasant odor that caused cidra to wrinkle her nose as she stepped inside .
if overcash had a birth name in addition to the one he 'd chosen , he had n't bothered to dispense it when he had been introduced to cidra .
in addition to the simple white garments , these ghosts appeared to have a golden band around their furred wrists .
in addition to focusing and concentration , she would need a certain amount of coordination , cidra supposed .
in addition to the hazy nightmares he saw fleeting images of her gentle touch , the cooling baths , and the soft warmth of her lap as she cradled his head .
in addition to creating those fascinating hallucinations you 're currently viewing , it makes you vulnerable to suggestion .
in addition to the art deco furnishings , there was a scattering of other antiques reflecting the history of jandj .
in addition , she had no problem with the concept of working for an investigation agency that specialized in the paranormal .
in addition to having the usual paranormal provenance , every single one of them should have been classified as weapons-grade artifacts according to the company guidelines . ''
`` well , as a matter of fact , in addition to managing the office , i 'm an investigator in the firm , '' isabella said .
`` so , in addition to the infighting , betrayals and backstabbings , we 'll be seeing some corporate espionage among the remaining circles . ''
she had no way of knowing how many more were out there in addition to the one she controlled , but she had to assume that there were other cells that possessed a version of the formula .
`` so , yes , i 'll be here for the wedding , as long as the last minute addition does n't cause any problems for you .
isaac ran his hands through his hair and finished his preparations for the evening before leaving for sabrina 's house on time , despite the addition to his post-date plans .
sean in addition to being liam 's younger brother , was the shiftertown 's guardian , which meant he carried a big sword-tucked behind the seat-with which he dispatched the souls of dying shifters .
a mix of wild excitement and incredible tenderness spiraled through him , in addition to the wonder of being tightly inside her .
but food and drink flowed , the mackenzies and mcbrides pleased to welcome the newest addition to their family .
first , her flash made her desirable as a powerful addition to any family ; second , her magic hinted at the possibility of blueblood ancestry ; and third ... my granddaughter is lovely , as i 'm sure you have n't failed to notice . ''
the porch had been added on , diego saw , and he noticed that many houses on the street had similar additions .
in addition , it looked as though lord scranton had also been dipping his hands into funds from a syndicate he 'd formed with some old school friends , and now he could n't replace their money .
conservatories , modern additions to older houses , would be on the ground floor , probably at the end of a wing .
she scowled at him , but hart only saw her in his heady vision of the corset and boots , made more erotic by a liberal addition of clotted cream .
in addition to the dust hanging thickly in the air , the walls were coated with cobwebs , and the grand staircase , winding upward from the great hall , was missing spindles and stair treads .
in addition to the ten freckles on her nose , freckles also ran down her throat to her chest , the pattern forming a point between her br**sts .
in addition , she 'd donned a blond wig so that wisps of pale hair occasionally curled below the veil .
he 'd finished making speeches to jacobi , but if daniel had gone on , he could have explained that he 'd learned all kinds of fighting in addition to what bellamy had taught him .
she 'd missed mr. mcbride leaving that day , but the next afternoon , bertie spied him walking to his coach , a big bundle of papers under his arm in addition to his valise .
she 'd spent days thinking about her brother , imagining what she would say when she arrived here , contemplating this recent addition to her life , who had been subtracted before she could ever come to count on him .
when the rest of the wedding party-a collection of charlotte 's thirtysomething friends-had learned about the addition of an american teenager , hadley had been promptly welcomed with a flurry of exclamation points to the e-mail chain that was circulating among the group .
she notices for the first time that , in addition to everything else , there 's a comma-shaped streak of dirt at the hem .
in addition , she also risked her life to save my people and demonstrated unwavering loyalty even during torture .
i 'd seen four different faces in addition to hannibal 's , and from the paneled walls , queen-sized bed , curtained windows , and the size of the room , whoever hired them had deep pockets .
both his arms were now missing in addition to his legs , and his skin looked like meat someone had put through a grinder .
they were still revolting enough to make me want to vomit , but in addition to being in the grayish colors of the past , they felt fainter , like i was watching a movie instead of experiencing them firsthand .
in addition to that , spade counted several vampires not of ian 's line , plus more than a few ghouls , and dozens of humans with a distinct undead scent that marked them as someone 's property .
in addition to him , ian had also reported eight other master vampires in the home , plus other undead guards .
then they never asked me to tell you about the tricks i 'd learned to stop the change , in addition to keeping the baser urges under control .
and if , in addition , you were the new girl at school who wanted desperately to fit in , then in eleventh grade you would still be mad .
in addition to margarita glasses in various stages of emptiness , poker chips were piled at each place .
sarah had thought erin had more fire in her than to serve the men bacon for breakfast in addition to the wet t-shirt at night .
`` in addition to his storied acting career , he has his own line of exercise equipment , remember ? ''
u.s. 98 was n't the most evenly paved highway , and i did n't want to bang his nose with my electronics in addition to whacking his leg with my bug .
in addition , i wanted to ... his hand snaked out and landed on my thigh , keeping me in place when i tried to sneak away as he paid her .
in addition to the nineteen men and women , two dogs suspected of being `` familiars '' had also been executed .
all the appliances in the kitchen were recent additions , purchased a few months back when he had been thinking of selling the house and finding a new dwelling place .
in addition , he bought a set of silverware , figuring that she would soon tire of using cheap plastic utensils .
in addition to the living room and kitchen , there was also a small guestroom , a bathroom , and a large linen closet on the first floor .
in addition to buying things for the wedding and the wedding night , cara and brenna shopped for christmas presents for their husbands .
in addition to wide silver bracelets , silver crosses , and dangling silver earrings , they both wore designer jeans , brightly colored silk blouses , comfortable sneakers , and fake flowers in their hair .
in addition to their usual colorful skirts and sneakers , they wore lab coats , rubber gloves and hospital masks .
in addition to that , she hoped to include him in a book she was thinking of writing about famous magicians , past and present , magicians like houdini , david copperfield , and criss angel .
in addition to driving a stake through their hearts , vampires could be dispatched by severing the head from the body and burying the parts of the creature in separate graves .
in addition to the living room , the main floor housed a roomy kitchen with black appliances , a high , round oak table and four chairs , and shuttered windows .
since they had stopped at the store earlier , there were several sacks of groceries in addition to their luggage .
in addition to what he took for experimental purposes , edna and pearl had fed from the man a few times , as had janis .
`` i know , but with a bit of recalculating , and the addition of a few new ingredients , i think it might be effective . ''
though it was a large house , there were only four rooms in addition to the front room : two good-sized bedrooms-one furnished , one not-with a full bath between , and a spacious kitchen that had no appliances and had obviously never been used .
in addition to salmon and lobster and all the trimmings , there was a beautiful cake and a champagne fountain , as well as several bottles of red wine .
if the police seriously believed that jason had killed gran in addition to the other women , then the world was such a bad and chancy place that i wanted no part of it .
in addition to the whiny little girl , there were two older kids , a boy and a girl , and like true siblings they fought like cats and dogs .
in addition to a narrow daybed , there was a bookshelf crammed full with boxes and books , and i promised myself i 'd go through that tomorrow .
the armor itself , black and lusterless , was very much like a rather tailored baseball catcher 's outfit : a chest guard , thigh protectors , and shin guards , with the addition of thick leather braces that strapped around the forearms .
hopefully , if the were had never shown signs of insanity or violence , these people would be willing to accept that shape-changing was an unthreatening addition to their knowledge of the world .
in addition to dermot 's resemblance to jason , which is only a quirk of genes , dermot is an ass**le like jason .
jerry -- who actually possessed a legal new jersey driver 's license in addition to his fake one from new york state that made him officially eighteen and therefore old enough to buy booze -- had his own car .
i did , telling them that i 'd also met some of the new additions to the long tooth pack , including basim and annabelle .
i write a note to michael about the new payroll and employee additions and toss it on his desk before heading down .
the day after they brought the baby home , they threw a small family party so everyone could meet the new addition .
and the addition of those twelve warlord princes serving under cassie 's hand meant their fighting weight was equal or better to anything theran could send against them .
that recent renovation was a very large thorn in mrs. beale 's side , and he had the feeling that the negotiations required before she accepted that addition had just begun .
and in addition to all this bullshit going on about the size of my ass and whether i was sleeping with sexy scientist guy , i had the biggest thing ever in my professional career going on .
in addition to my self-guided tours , i had his suggestions , and i was experiencing the city as an insider .
scratchy and tinny , not at all the sound quality this century was used to , it was a great addition to the room .
in addition to my own house renovations i was in the home stretch on the claremont , which filled my days .
in the time i 'd known simon , i 'd committed several images of him to memory : seeing him for the first time , clad only in a sheet and a smirk ; driving back across the bridge with him the night of jillian 's housewarming , when we called a truce ; warped and blurry simon as seen from inside an afghan ; backlit by tiki torches , wet , and looking devilishly handsome by hot tub ; and a recent addition to my best of simons ?
i ca n't give you an official answer today , but i am confident that you will make a great addition to the next induction of rookies .
a few more strokes and the addition of another finger to fill me further has me writhing against my hand as i hear another groan from the bathroom .
i do n't know what 's in it , but i like it and the tingles it is creating in my body are a welcome addition too .
`` she 'll make a good addition if varsity lets her join , but that would require varsity pulling their heads out of their butts .
`` in addition to the charmfall or charmfail or whatever , '' jill said , `` a reaper was draining a human out in the open in the middle of downtown chicago .
`` and , in addition to being awesome , '' scout continued , `` we also have a lead on who might have something to do with the blackout .
she will make an undeniably important addition to the house , and we all know how ... delicate our alliances are . ''
at the motion of his hand , i took my place as the twelfth addition to cadogan house , standing directly in front of amber .
well , in addition to the six of us , we liaise with the daylight guards , the folks who stay at the gate .
i grabbed a couple of reference books , a worn , leather-bound book of fairy tales i 'd had since childhood , and the most important recent addition to my collection , the canon of the north american houses , desk reference .
i was about to reach for two glasses when i realized that , in addition to the apparent philosophical differences , he might ingest differently , too .
`` would it be too much for me to ask that in addition to having this evidence , you have a sly plan to nail this little ass**le ? ''
so , in addition to the other reasons he wo n't be happy to see me , he may not be thrilled to see me with you . ''
i 'd known catcher was amazing with a sword , and i 'd known sorcerers - in addition to bending the universe to their wills - could throw balls of what looked like magical fire .
i walked with purpose , my heart still rent by grief , but at least now the emotion was clean , without the confusing additions of anger and hatred .
there were three unofficial ombuddies , as i liked to cal them , in addition to my grandfather : catcher ; computer wizard jeff christopher ; and the admin , marjorie .
in addition to malik and luc , seven men and women stood in the foyer in an inverted v , with darius west , head of the greenwich presidium , directly in the middle .
`` no , in addition to the rest of the stuff he 's working on , he 's beginning to get calls from detective jacobs about supernatural issues . ''
in addition to the patience-melting stop-and-go of chicago 's traffic , we debated the possibilities that awaited us at the house-and i interrogated jonah just as ethan had requested .
in addition to darius , there were five remaining members of the gp : dierks , danica , edmund , lakshmi , and diego .
`` in addition to securing darius , '' ethan said , `` we 'll want to look for the papers that might have been in that portfolio .
maybe it had been a later addition , an afterthought to make the enormous , marble-floored penthouse even more desirable to the people who preferred their marble-floored penthouses with terraces .
`` as we all know , in addition to the rigorous and dangerous testing practices , there is one more small wrinkle .
she was a snow cone vendor at broadway at the beach in addition to waiting tables at the mad hatter .
emilio is a new addition to the diner 's staff ( any other time i might 've said family , but i would rather get poked repeatedly with a sharp object than call that guy family ) , and he has to be the hardest person to get along with i 've ever met .
in addition , he sensed the preternatural quality of the chains , that something very vampire would bind him in place , like the manacles daniel used in the himalayan prison .
he had a sitting room on the right , then his exercise and massage rooms , and finally an expansive bathroom with a deep soaking tub in addition to a walk-in shower .
in addition , the nature of the auction , as well as the horrible acts going on in that room , made her future clear .
in addition to the sudden swell of grief , she also sensed that he was working hard to recover from daniel 's most recent assault .
when she 'd initially arrived two days earlier , rumy had given her a few basic garments in addition to the clothes she 'd had on .
in addition , he had some sway with copass , since at least a third of the members were addicted to dying blood .
in addition , lines of torches were everywhere , guarded and kept lit by teen ascenders all wearing matching bright orange t-shirts and jeans .
in previous years , before the addition of the current state-of-the-art security system , death vamps had been known to fold inside the facility and take the lives of dozens of militia warriors , often before anyone even knew what was happening .
in addition , endelle had set up a second location in north africa two , also cloaked beneath a mossy dome of mist .
he would n't have minded displaying his oh-so-worthy arousal except that in addition to being aroused beyond comprehension , he 'd stopped craving the woman currently sharing his bed .
in addition , he could feel that his obsidian flame power was meant to serve as a sort of new anchor , but not for one woman this time .
in addition , he had a cut that dripped blood onto the hardwood floor near his black battle sandals .
in addition , havily still made a starbucks run to mortal earth for the warriors of the blood every morning .
greaves has been building an army of death vampires throughout the world by turning high administrators and in addition making one of their tasks the creation of more death vampires through the taking of dying blood . ''
in addition to that , rith cloaked every facial expression , every tell his body might provide as to a clue to the bastard 's mind .
though medichi 's home had the best possible covering of mist , in addition to copass 's protection under the law of second society , he felt a profound need to be near havily right now , to keep his guard up , to watch the skies .
in addition , each act that passed by included a light show executed mostly from the ground but occasionally with floating robotics .
he 'd just gotten off the phone with thorne , who informed him that marcus intended to serve in the field with the warriors two nights a week , in addition to taking on the duties of high administrator of desert southwest two .
`` in addition to the death vamp 's signature , there are two strong grid signatures nearby as well . ''
at the same time that he touched down , the space began to fill with his highly trained and experienced troll brigade , who 'd fought the invictus wraith-pairs for decades now , making use of long spears in addition to battle frequency streams .
in addition to his feelings of excitement about their child and their potential relationship , he had an uncomfortable fear working at the back of his brain .
in addition to neck injury , victim was cut seventeen times in the chest , abdomen , and genital area , most wounds 12 inch in width , with a significant amount of depth .
her lawyer had confirmed that beau had in fact owned her house and that he had upward of twenty million in liquid assets in addition to almost fifty million in properties .
mr. smith froze that frame , leaving the smaller images running in both past and real time now , offering two stellas to watch in addition to the full screen close-up of her pale face with keen green eyes .
lean , with a whipcord strength , he had a runner 's body-a by-product of marathons he ran in addition to his special operations military training .
in addition to the crew sitting down for an after-flight meal , she 'd seen claire mcdermott subbing for the bartender with her co-owner two sisters on hand waitressing .
a prospect a helluva lot more daunting than the addition of a neon-green training seat to his bachelor condo .
`` roger , colonel , '' answered first lieutenant darcy `` wren '' renshaw , the newest addition to his squadron , currently sitting beside him in the cockpit .
in the general , seth saw the last male adult figure in his life , and he did n't want to lose him in addition to his father .
he read through the basic terms of their will and she discovered that in addition to the huge sum of money in the trust , her mother and father 's house would also revert to her .
in addition to her blunt manner , she was beautiful , sort of exotic , her italian heritage showing through .
the woman wore a long , emerald silk robe that covered her appropriately , but it was obvious she had a long , lithe body in addition to the pretty face .
`` wait until you read rina 's first column , '' she said of her newest addition to the ashford times 's staff .
gabrielle stopped at the dunkin ' donuts in town , a new addition to main street , and headed for sharon 's parents ' place .
the minute amber stepped inside the exquisitely decorated restaurant and smelled the delicious aroma of italian food , she formulated an addition to her plan .
he had a healthy fear of the possibility of alcohol abuse in addition to his father 's other issues .
she 'd put on sweats in addition to the large shirt he 'd chosen last night but her eyes were still glassy and red .
in addition to being someone she looked up to and respected , he was a close friend of the family and had been for years , even before the merger .
so in addition to `` absent , disinterested parent , '' atkins could now add `` fake '' to his impressive resume .
this in addition to striking out earlier when the bases were loaded and the renegades had a chance at the go-ahead run .
she got a hummus wrap and i ordered the special , known as the `` winslow , '' which was basically a chicken caesar wrap with the addition of crushed croutons , which was such a brilliant idea that i could n't believe someone had n't thought of it sooner .
unfortunately , in addition to being a remarkably gifted student , alex sawyer was also a remarkably gifted pain in the butt .
which was why , in addition to ensuring diversity , hannah had sought board members from outside the school community .
adrian 's addition to the board had been extremely beneficial , and attracting him had been a substantial coup for hannah .
which , in addition to being morally reprehensible , not to mention illegal , meant that he and hannah had been forced to move around a lot in the hope that the police du jour-and landlord du jour-would n't catch up with them .
in addition to being able to read people well , selby was intensely curious about them , probably also because she had worked with so much of the public over the years .
and where she had felt grateful to michael the night before , when he gave her that staggering kiss good night that had completely erased the lingering bitterness of adrian 's mouth on hers-well , okay , and she also felt some other things in addition to grateful , things like careful and fearful and lustful-yeah , there 'd been a lotta lustful in there , definitely-and doubtful and hopeful and lustful , and needful and forgetful and lustful-had she mentioned lustful ? -and ... and ... and ... where was she ?
in addition to the henry james site , she liked the libertarian party home page , the ruth gordon fan club , the mo rocca is a total babe site , one headed up by the words love animals do n't cut them into pieces and ingest them , several magic : the gathering sites and the cracker mysteries site .
if she was like half the secretaries at opus , in addition to having a top-secret button under her top-secret desk that opened top-secret doors , she also had a bazooka under there .
in addition to the mic and earpiece , she was equipped with a cell phone , a global positioning device and pepper spray .
in addition to the surveillance equipment , noah had brought two agents with him , both posted in an empty house that was for sale halfway down the block .
her eyes were darker than he 'd ever seen them , and at first he thought it was because of the addition of cosmetics .
in addition to a million other things , she thought , but she was n't about to tell daniel any more about the workings of the organization than she already had .
lila could certainly use some buffing and smoothing in addition to that much-deserved tender loving care .
her low-slung khaki pants ended just below her knee , revealing a nice length of calf in addition to a swath of torso between them and the cropped , wine-colored tank top boasting the waverly college logo .
`` in addition to learning how to run one of the biggest crime syndicates in the country i 'd also have to marry michael covey , a guy handpicked by my grandfather , and the biggest sleazebag on the planet .
in addition to his two estates in yorkshire , both with arable land , he is in possession of three producing coal mines in the west riding , an ironworks in sheffield , and has recently bought interest in the east india company .
but since lady penelope was , in addition to being a well-known beauty-eyes of pansy-purple , hair of raven-black , et cetera , et cetera-also a legendary heiress , not many ladies were brave enough to chance her ire .
`` i mean , '' she said as she accepted a dish of boiled beef from moll , `` that i discussed with archie the food you serve at your table and i 've made a few healthful additions .
`` lady beckinhall would be a wonderful addition to the ladies ' syndicate for the benefit of the home for unfortunate infants and foundling children , '' lady hero said .
and with the addition of the ruffle nell added to the hem , i think they 'll hardly be noticeable . ''
in addition , he was oddly eager to see her again , a state of mind that a dark inner part of himself found vastly amusing .
in addition , from what she could tell by the letters he read and the conversations she overheard with the servants , he seemed to be receiving reports from the various blanchard estates and holdings .
their pallet had expanded in the last month with the addition of a thin mattress and lots of pillows .
we had a new addition to our team and he 'd come along to learn the ropes , so to speak , '' sam explained .
in addition , there are horror stories that go along with this technology , like security break-ins being accomplished by cutting out a person 's eyeball and holding it up to a retinal scanner ... '' javier wiggled his eyebrows to look evil .
with the addition of three deadly silver swords , the lycans fell back , trying to drag their wounded with them .
not that her hair had been terribly long , but with this shorter style and the addition of the right mousse and appropriate hairbrush , petra had changed her appearance .
they rolled the wagon around , found mini pumpkins and gourds that dakota knew her mother would like to have as an addition to her fall centerpiece .
in addition to helicopters , which just happen to be my favorite to fly , we have executive jets that hold anything from four passengers to sixty . ''
in addition to looking into the past theft , philip flew to boston and stood beside her as she followed her gift tracking the painting around the city .
but in addition to all of those normal things , sydney was going to have a living reminder of christian for the rest of her life .
in addition to that , everyone knows what might happen if you and empusa can not control your power when you are together .
he made it difficult to remember that he had a very dangerous side in addition to his charming one .
`` i ... er ... '' one could only attribute brickbank 's unusual befuddlement to the breach of etiquette in addition to voss 's best brandy .
`` in addition to an apology , i believe it is n't asking overly much to request an explanation for what happened last evening .
`` in addition , i had already presumed your need to be in contact with the eldest miss woodmore and thus , i have sent word to corvindale that you are with me , and to pledge your continued safety .
nevertheless , the generous space shrunk to a much smaller one with addition of his large , gruff presence .
in addition , my upcoming wedding to mr. alexander bradington will shortly put me in the position to act as chaperone for my younger sisters .
`` in addition to an apology , i believe it is n't asking overly much to request an explanation for what happened last evening .
and in addition , dimitri had long made it a practice to hire made vampires whose sires were dead for a variety of tasks , including acting as guardians and protectors of the woodmore sisters .
maia 's attention fell on the two new additions to her bedside table : the ruby hairpin and a slender wooden stake .
that was yet another reason , he was certain , that lucifer had found him an appropriate addition to the draculia .
the earl 's library and office had been invaded , not to mention his hermitlike lifestyle disrupted by the new additions to his household , and would be , it seemed , for sometime to come .
he 's always what i imagined an irish guy to look like , with the addition of a full upper body of tattoos .
in the back of his mind he answers that having a woman to love and share his bed with would be a great addition , but he ignores that thought .
but there 's another benefit too , in addition to having more chances of getting our messages delivered .
wyatt had begun to think the fellow might be a sociopath , in addition to having the curse of being a bloodsucker .
`` guess that means in addition to the shoplifting charges , your client is about to be booked with assault , breaking and entering , and vandalism .
and so was that taken 's next changed human , and the next and the next ... . new vampires discovered that in addition to the perk of living forever , they had a not-so-nice voice whispering in their heads .
arm in arm with her brother , gabe-the other new addition to the pack-she entered the kitchen ... and his jaw almost hit the floor .
she 's a great girl and she 's a good addition to the pack , and i do n't like the idea of her anywhere alone .
in addition , both her body and her wolf helplessly reacted to the power that was practically buzzing around him ; he wore authority like a second skin .
in addition to that , as a creature with the most basic instincts , her wolf wanted to investigate some of the male scents and also hiss at some of the female scents .
in addition to his claiming bite and the one he 'd given her to cover roscoe 's , there was a bite on her nape , there were claw marks on her back , his handprints on her ass , another bite on the very visible part of her neck , and claw marks on her hips where he 'd held her .
in addition to those marks that trey had left while they consummated the claiming , there were those that he had made during the second , third and fourth rounds that followed through the night .
on the fourth floor where trey , dante and the enforcers slept was - in addition to a laundry room - a pool room , a game room , an office , the huge amazing kitchen and a large living area .
in addition to being my mate , jared michaels was my co-commander ... and he did n't look happy , which was totally understandable given the circumstances .
so , in addition to having a brail-like tattoo where a wedding ring might have been , i now also had an extra sense ; it was solely focused on jared , allowing me to know things such as his vitals , his thirst level , and his mood .
in addition to having the svente manageable bloodlust , i also had the hypnotic allure of a keja , and the strength of a pagori .
in addition , people might once again be wary of me if the prelature ruled that i was n't fit enough to lead my squad and that i exploited them .
in addition to sebastian and three guards were too dark-haired females , but that was where the similarities ended for the two women .
in addition , quentin is quite aware that evan was tainted , so he will get quite a shock when he realises evan is alive and well .
in addition , there were the high masters and their vampires ... and they were all helping us destroy covington 's vampires .
maybe , in addition to being a devious manipulator , she was a silly little mare who was curious to know what it would feel like to have my fist crashing into her face .
oh and the butlers in the buff who had served the snacks and nsts ... they 'd certainly been a nice addition .
in addition , a lot of vampires have deadly gifts and these will just as effectively kill us as they would a human .
or i could try writing it off as a result of my stomach being so tanked before i fell asleep - i 'd swallowed a decent amount of his blood in addition to some nsts .
i included a small addition to my instructions , asking the green to block any noise we made from reaching outside the bubble .
`` the changeling tony has been a very welcome addition to our ranks and has proven himself to have a sharp mind when it comes to developing strategy and considering various battle scenarios .
he began speaking in his deep , rumbling voice , `` you say that we will have what we need to defeat the dark fae with the addition of two hundred more fae ? ''
so , in addition to this natural sense of superiority , the fae have needs that can , or in some cases must , be met by the humans .
all these rumors began because this woman , '' a large photograph of ceerah kade was shown in an inset on the screen , `` desecrated the delicate patient-physician privilege , in addition to blatantly violating the patient 's rights laws that exist in both alliances .
edward offered very good advice , in addition to the services of one or more of his supervisors , just to make sure the transitions went smoothly .
both groups were prepared to not only kill her , but destroy that section of the courts and hearing building as well , in addition to anyone inside that chamber .
`` and we 've had to provide extra security for ceerah kade and her legal counsel , in addition to sending agents out to track the ones who did this . ''
my mind was on my middle daughters and their claiming the following week , in addition to the two trucks currently in the shop for repairs .
more than a third of the gishi fruit shipments from avendor had been seized by pirates , in addition to crews and the ships hauling the fruit .
from that spot , i could see the crowd in the grand hall clearly , in addition to the long row of large , globe-shaped comp-brains .
and we have it on good authority that these may be allied with lersen strand and his cousins , in addition to other criminals .
i 'd gotten to bed late the night before-i was planning short trips to other worlds where children had come up missing , in addition to working on tulgalan 's disappearances .
few were out-not only from the cold but because it was eight-day on edness and early , in addition to that .
`` lok , tory , erland , rylend and i will provide security , in addition to gavril 's four warlocks .
tory , on the other hand , had holdings granted on le-ath veronis and kifirin , in addition to his and his parents ' reputations .
athletic shoes had also been purchased for me , in addition to many other shoes i had n't even looked at-they were still in boxes .
in addition , three months of suffering , wondering if gavril and reah were still alive rankled quite a bit .
`` and pays better than what you earn now , in addition to giving you complete control over everyday security and law enforcement .
what did they think to accomplish against ranos pistols and rifles , in addition to regular issue rapid-fires and other weapons ?
`` let 's send ours back to mandil with them-ry and tory both , in addition to reah , '' norian nodded in enthusiastic agreement .
cutting thin slices of fowl , i dredged them in flour , fried them quickly and made a sauce to go with them , in addition to fresh fruit and sweetened cream .
tourists were everywhere-arvil owned most of the shops open for business , in addition to a majority of the casinos .
i 'd served the ox-roast wrapped in mushrooms , sauce and pastry , in addition to baby vegetables , the soup arvil loved , crispy rolls , salad and dessert .
the other thing that surprised me , in addition to my being wakened like that , was that there were no less than six females i did n't recognize who were going with us .
we intended to serve salmon in small crusts too-normally it was served as a main dish , but we were making small ones for the limited number of guests we had , in addition to smaller versions of other , nicer dishes meant to lure them to the restaurants .
`` but you admit to allowing the poppy drug to go through , in addition to a few other illegal items , such as wizard 's charms , stolen artifacts and such ? ''
we went to the barns , a place i had n't been as yet and looked over pallets and pallets of crates , in addition to boxes and boxes of sealable , waterproof packing material .
crystal champagne flutes and water glasses were added , in addition to polished silver place settings .
and we have it on good authority that these may be allied with lersen strand and his cousins , in addition to other criminals .
i 'd gotten to bed late the night before-i was planning short trips to other worlds where children had come up missing , in addition to working on tulgalan 's disappearances .
few were out-not only from the cold but because it was eight-day on edness and early , in addition to that .
`` lok , tory , erland , rylend and i will provide security , in addition to gavril 's four warlocks .
tory , on the other hand , had holdings granted on le-ath veronis and kifirin , in addition to his and his parents ' reputations .
we 'd added the addition above the garage at the last minute when liza and i had decided we needed a more private master suite .
a swift death was not in keeping with the magnitude of the professor 's crime , which included considerable insult in addition to personal injury .
clearly , the professor , in addition to being a thief , was a philistine who could n't tell the difference between an original and a copy .
in addition , they had the temerity to march into the prince 's city , offer his illustrations to the uffizi , ( while claiming them to be copies ) , and make a spectacle of themselves .
the prince was about to follow them when he noticed a new addition to the room , near where the emersons had been kissing .
in addition , the police found your knapsack next to his body , making you a person of interest . ''
this in addition to all the dinners , the family camping trips , everything that they gave me while tricia was working at the bar or out with one of her boyfriends .
the coatrack was a new addition to the foyer , one that had caused a fair amount of contention between the march siblings .
it was bigger than the capital building , even with its additions , taking up more city blocks than justin could see .
in addition to making him feel like he was made of that spun-sugar stuff that kids ate at the anchorage summer market , it had also distorted his vision so that everything around him was edged in color .
in addition to my down coat , i also had on a turtleneck , sweater , jeans , tights , knee-high boots , gloves , scarf , and knit hat .
the only change was that in addition to the wind that had been constantly blowing , snow now began falling as well .
`` he says that in addition to finding the talismans ' location , you should also consider that they will have some sort of magical protection on them .
virko was carrying her in addition to his full , allocated load , and as for emylion , two or three soldiers had wordlessly taken up some of his gear so that he could manage mik , who , though not large , was n't the weightless petal zuze was .
it resembled a roman centurion 's helmet , with the addition of an overlong nasal guard-a narrow strip of silver that projected from the visor all the way to his chin , effectively bisecting his face .
if the others were variously `` monstrous , '' he was the most `` demonic '' or `` devilish '' : mostly humanoid , with the addition of long black horns and cloven hooves , and bat wings stretched out on the ground on either side of him , at least a dozen feet in span , their edges curling up against the sides of the tent .
in addition to other karou-related favors esther had performed for brimstone over the years-enrolling her in schools , faking identity documents for her , etcetera-she 'd been instrumental in setting up her many bank accounts , and surely knew karou 's net worth better than karou did herself .
in addition to swords , they even leveled at him the same vile weapons that they had surprised him with on that bloody day .
in addition , though she and liraz and akiva had kept this news contained among themselves for now , there was the question of ziri .
dylan is right up against my side , and if her arms wrap any tighter around me , i 'll have difficulty breathing in addition to difficulty standing .
in addition to playing the piano during the service and teaching the second-grade sunday school class , she 's been my dance instructor since dad and i moved here four and a half years ago .
he did n't want me to live in the dorms in the first place , so this will be another addition to his list of reasons i 'm not mature enough to handle going to school in new york . ''
someone must have been feeling especially celebratory , because in addition to the keg , there 's liquor and mixers set up on the bar .
the decor of the window had been augmented sometime since by the addition of a large jar of colored water , in which floated something vaguely humanoid .
`` so-the main provisions of the settlement are as follows : mr. fraser agrees to pay to miss mackenzie the sum of five hundred pounds in compensation for distress , inconvenience , and the loss of his conjugal services '' -jamie snorted slightly at this , but ned affected not to hear him , continuing his synopsis- '' and in addition , agrees to maintain her household at the rate of one hundred pounds per annum , until such time as the aforesaid miss mackenzie may marry again , at which time such payment shall cease .
`` however , the island of hispaniola is not a coral atoll but is basically volcanic in origin-with the addition of crystalline schists , fossiliferous sedimentary deposits of a considerable antiquity , and widespread deposits of limestone .
as he leaned back to allow mr. bodley to tuck the napkin under his chin , though , he noted a new addition to the room 's decoration .
i called on dr. fentiman in cross creek on our way , and was able to buy several necessary instruments and a few medicines from him to refurbish my kit ( this at the cost of a bottle of whisky and of being forced to admire the latest addition to his ghastly collection of pickled curiosities-no , you do n't want to know ; you really do n't .
in addition to bread and lemon squash , he saw , it held several apples , a large chunk of cheese , and a packet of chocolate biscuits .
as for yours ... in addition to captain stebbings , there is a cargo aboard the teal in which ye may have an interest , as well-six cases of rifles . ''
but in addition to these small local meetings , there were larger bodies , the quarterly and yearly meetings , at which weighty matters of principle were discussed and actions affecting quakers in general were decided upon .
we ate that night at daniel morgan 's fire , and the company-filled with chicken stew-raised cups of beer and hooted to toast the addition of a new member to their elite corps .
the letter was a draft-she could see that at once from the crossings-out , the marginal additions , words circled with question marks .
one or two had the rudiments of a uniform , but most of them were dressed in homespun , though with the addition of the bizarre `` liberty '' caps , tight-knitted woolen affairs that fitted over the head and ears , which through john 's watering eye gave the men the bluntly menacing aspect of animated bombshells .
i detected the basic male animal , very appetizing in itself , but he seemed to have acquired a rather unusual-though savory-bouquet in addition : a faint whiff of sausage , the strong bitter scent of cabbage , and ... yes , mustard , underlaid with something oddly spicy .
a wise choice , as it turned out : in addition to their pay and the odd damaged cask of salt fish or biscuit , being on the docks all day allowed them first-and cheapest-choice from the fishermen coming in with their catch .
we were making our way-slowly-up to the house site , carrying several bags of nails , a very expensive small saw , and a plane that jamie had brought back in addition to the deer .
in high school i 'd sported multiple piercings - an ear stud , a barbell through an eyebrow and a nipple ring - in addition to the lip ring .
i knew damned well she was n't my responsibility or my concern ... but i did n't want her to fail a class , in addition to whatever that douchebag had done to her by ending their three-year relationship .
principal ingram had threatened me with her zero tolerance , and wynn probably could kick my ass in addition to getting me expelled .
the way he had laid out my notes , the little additions he had made where it was obvious i was struggling , had made all the difference .
her eyes had shifted and she was looking past hardy to the end of the short addition , to the back wall where a row of pots lined a single shelf there .
we walk down the hall , discussing the new additions of art and rugs and knick knacks here and there .
in addition to the disappearance of four local high school children earlier this year , four more have gone missing since friday , an alarming number when compared to the rate of abduction in southmoore during the slayer 's reign .
in addition to being curious just like everyone else , i was also a little concerned about my belongings .
and i felt guilty for making mental additions to my to-do list while he was trying-keyword , trying-to get it on with me .
she held it up and he nodded , declining the addition of chlorinated water that sat in a jug on her desk .
it was n't a fashionable place - its walls were covered in scenes from the castle up on the hill , the tables still sported formica tops , and the menu had n't altered since i started , apart from a few changes to the chocolate bar selection and the addition of chocolate brownies and muffins to the iced bun tray .
and in addition to my own punishment , i plan to use the information she tells me as a lesson well learned .
i was a poodle jumping through hoops to keep the peace and it was ridiculous in addition to exhausting .
if your porche wins , i 'll give you two-hundred bucks in addition to the winnings you 'll receive from the pot on the bet you have already placed . ''
i knew in addition to speaking with her father-man to man-that i needed to win over her brother , too .
in addition to training local militaries , its contractors often provided protection services for key staff members traveling abroad and domestically , as well as protection of important natural resources , such as the oil fields in the middle east .
in addition to its vast overseas presence , his company also provided security for a wide variety of clients on domestic soil , from dignitaries to celebrities .
in addition to her piano , she had several different types of guitars , a keyboard , amps , and anything else a musician could possibly desire .
these people were responsible for the downing of several flights , in addition to the bombing of multiple government buildings here and abroad .
four bedrooms , so the girls each get their own room ... and there is room enough for an addition to the family if we can fit that in later on . ''
`` jesse , remember before you left you said you thought it was time to start on a few additions.. ? ''
now her world was changing even more with the addition of a brother-in-law and another move-even if the move was a mere two houses down .
otherworld was spread around the patio along with rachel , natalie , and the newest addition to my staff , felicity .
in addition to castle arineae , the spider owns several other properties scattered across the city , including the top three floors of the hermes building .
he was , in addition , rumoured to be a member of banned cults whose practises verged on the unholy .
in addition to the antigravity field they generate , the barges also produce a holographic reflection of the entire palace , inverted beneath the original building , identical in size and exact in detail .
it 'd never work , of course , but that 's why it 's a stupid game , in addition to not being a sport .
one of the companies original veeps liked the idea of flying all over the solar system without refueling so he had additions built on the the original hull .
after over a century of hull additions and engine improvements the phoenix now looks more like a collection patched together from a kid 's toy box , rather than a sleek fast spacecraft .
then there were pleasant additions that reflected attention to detail and concern for clients : the quiet whisper of an air filter , oblique and full spectrum lighting .
now he was in desperate think mode , which she recognized by the addition of what seemed to be random head motion .
indeed , delonshire replied , but an addition that could prove fruitful and bring a murderer to justice .
their arms were lacerated and encased in reaper armor , their skulls had been pierced and punctured by the addition of reaper biotic implants .
i did as instructed , and once seated , asked , tell me paul , do i get my teeth polished , in addition to the standard check up ?
in addition to this third eye business , there were rumors that syznic was deeply involved with the so-called othernet .
july 2 , tuva state university shank and mike had no trouble locating the university , a sprawling complex of stalin-era concrete building blocks , and more modern additions , such as the cafeteria , where they were to meet with susan python and the american delegation , out of moscow .
in addition to his total hardcore fear of sir william , his reunion with shankers after all those years , had opened up old feelings of guilt and self-loathing .
in addition to the usual bad hair and garish mismatched outfits , there was an original series star trek uniform , a tom baker dr. who , and a babylon 5 centauran .
now , they want to be rewarded with sini 's marriage to a lok in addition to the outrageous price in assignats that we must pay for the third generation of sihlcon chips tamok mining produces .
`` the only change to the council will be the addition of master kuinsi as a member as associate lord chancellor . ''
in addition to the fact there was n't a shred of truth in anything lydmila said , her unmitigated bigotry set me in a rage .
the dockmaster popped his own visor , a sour waft rising from the opening ; one more addition to the medley of smells in the stockroom .
in addition to their enhanced vision in darkness , im also talking about superior physical strength , increased audio and other sensual capabilities , and sometimesquite often the caseweakness , incapacity , and even death .
but their food and water had indeed almost run out , mainly due to the unexpected addition of glana and the fact that only one small bag had made it onto the trip with them .
* * * when anna and glana berenguer entered the captains private quarters that night , they were shocked to find a long table already lined with a dozen guests , in addition to an astonishing array of food and drink .
what truly terrified him , however , was the addition of a young girl stood before the sphere , enveloped in white flame .
in addition , as aaron had demonstrated , powers like telekinesis and flying were now common place .
in addition , you had a rapid expansion of the number of churches , and the clergy for those churches in many cases came from the congregation itself this was especially true in america .
in addition , when you add the scientific revolution to the equation , you have a perceived conflict of ideas that force both sides to extremes .
im seeing numerous small contacts spreading out from the main ship in addition to a slight drop in mass .
in addition to the fifty hosers , there were the engineers , the cooks , the deckhands , and the captains personal crew .
in addition to the standard hydroponics bay , cloud nine was the only skyport to also be home to a recreational arboretum , which was technically accessible by any of the skyports denizens , although the high prelate had all but taken it over for his personal use .
in addition to nimbus , he is also the author of birthright , the first book in the technomage archive .
part of the group was a little against the new addition , however , one of the strongest supporters of ashleys addition was jeremy .
in addition to being infested with poverty and crime , this sector of new sancta city was known for its streetcatsgirls who belonged to certain gangs and were passed around from member to member .
like michael , he was also dressed in his boxer shorts , but in addition , he wore a thick pair of cotton socks that michael had often teased him about .
the helder began to fire , however with the addition of air resistance and gravity their guns were nowhere near as effective as they would be out in open space .
deck kept his head down with looking over the new additions to his landscape ( or waterscape ) with a small pair of scopes .
over twenty two metal silvers had to be removed from the torsos of both team members , in addition to the reattachment/regeneration procedures .
in addition , if he closed his eyes and concentrated , he could feel out the curved pattern , which they were walking .
this one is equipped with plasma photons , laser cannons and a triple stage thermal lance in addition to all the usual armaments . '
inside is a copy of my circuitry , down to the weld , with one noteworthy addition : one pound of c4 explosive in the chest cavity .
because they were cured of cancer , alcohol and drug additions and other ailments , president westwood said .
and in additions , we consider any earthling that makes threats against us , a criminal , sandark said then the tv went blank .
in addition , more ecilops landed in certain states then more noitailater drones raced off at supersonic speeds .
he suddenly realized that in addition to his knee-high black boots and suit , he now also wore a black cape that ran from shoulders to floor .
every one of the sisters had the task ( in addition to their never ending list of daily chores ) to bring the cats outside and try to make them adjust to the brick colored rubble , and that was not easy to accomplish .
the professor started what to him must have been the familiar territory of a lecture , except for the addition of signing everything he said for the benefit of the warriors .
hed built the platform two years before , one of the first additions to the compound hed constructed on national park land in the blue ridge mountains .
in addition to laying ruin to the worlds technological infrastructure , the solar storm also dropped most of humanitys population dead where they stood and sat .
includes two bonus essays and nicholson 's first-ever published story , in addition to the four-story aeropagan cycle .
in addition , their vision was dimmer than it had been before they got sick , and it was almost impossible to stop their desire to eat flesh from living people .
in addition , if someone turned up a car radio in their vicinity , they 'd walk right toward it , no longer aware of the people close to them and almost begging for the humans to bash their heads with their swinging baseball bats from behind them where they had no protection at all .
in addition , as soon as the two guardsmen entered the store , they figured the zombies would move forward , almost asking to be brain clubbed by the pair .
in addition , because of the stick with the deer , they could n't see behind , so wilson 's eyes were necessary for their total security .
in addition , whoever is married to her will be able to adopt and assign these children to whomever he wishes , even for marriage . ''
in addition , marlaina trained them to bark so we know if people they have located are alive or walkers .
in addition , their vision was dimmer than it had been before they got sick , and it was almost impossible to stop their desire to eat flesh from living people .
in addition , if someone turned up a car radio in their vicinity , they 'd walk right toward it , no longer aware of the people close to them and almost begging for the humans to bash their heads with their swinging baseball bats from behind them where they had no protection at all .
in addition , as soon as the two guardsmen entered the store , they figured the zombies would move forward , almost asking to be brain clubbed by the pair .
in addition , because of the stick with the deer , they could n't see behind , so wilson 's eyes were necessary for their total security .
in addition , whoever is married to her will be able to adopt and assign these children to whomever he wishes , even for marriage . ''
in addition , marlaina trained them to bark so we know if people they have located are alive or walkers .
in addition youll be in a position to either purchase or acquire through hard work a percentage of the planets output .
in addition to classic literature , tyler greatly enjoys film in his leisure time and currently writes a review column in the universitys newspaper .
in addition , their vision was dimmer than it had been before they got sick , and it was almost impossible to stop their desire to eat flesh from living people .
in addition , if someone turned up a car radio in their vicinity , they 'd walk right toward it , no longer aware of the people close to them and almost begging for the humans to bash their heads with their swinging baseball bats from behind them where they had no protection at all .
in addition , as soon as the two guardsmen entered the store , they figured the zombies would move forward , almost asking to be brain clubbed by the pair .
in addition , because of the stick with the deer , they could n't see behind , so wilson 's eyes were necessary for their total security .
in addition , whoever is married to her will be able to adopt and assign these children to whomever he wishes , even for marriage . ''
in addition , marlaina trained them to bark so we know if people they have located are alive or walkers .
in addition , i also produced a video of a lecture that i gave on this subject titled , earth freedom .
in addition , a significant upsurge in the surveillance activity of these craft , beginning in may and continuing through the autumn of this year , has caused considerable concern that new developments may be imminent .
in addition to your responsibilities for the security of dreamland , you are also ordered to report on the progress being made there and the morale of the people working there .
in addition , you will receive survival , escape and evasion training , basic weapons and explosive training , psychological training and anti-interrogation preparation , small unit tactical training taught by the u.s. army rangers , an intelligence gathering course , physical stress training , and you will be taught methods to cope with confinement and isolation .
in addition , all stray bullets and other evidence , including a freeway sign that was struck by a bullet , have been removed .
there were at least two separate sniper teams involved , in addition to the two secret service agents in the limousine .
in addition , a significant upsurge in the surveillance activity of these craft , beginning in may and continuing through the autumn of this year , has caused considerable concern that new developments may be imminent .
in addition , three large cigar-shaped objects were sighted on the floor of the crater archimedes in november of 1970 .
in addition , they can remove an individual 's consciousness and replace it with another consciousness , either synthetic or alien .
in addition , several groups of extraterrestrials wish to establish themselves as gods or religious leaders in order to influence religious values among mankind because this would be fundamental acquiescence and submission .
the planet also had a saturn-like ring in addition to a few small moons , making it a stunning sight .
in addition to his immediate family , adam enjoyed a large circle of friends and other more-distant relatives , who by now would all be mourning his death .
in addition , adam carried with him a slight superiority complex , based on the reactions hed witnessed from kaylor and jym the day before .
he even produced some extra additions to her collection of components and made a few modifications of his own .
the addition of two level three weapons will add to our defensive strength weapons reported , but main attack weapon and sky-fire are still off-line until suitable repair parts are located .
kt-7 lifted a heavy box of ammunition on the vehicle and listened to every rude word the arm had spoken , ill have you know that we may be your enemy but we are more than qualified to repair a primitive sub-programed addition like you !
according to the papers back home , this new addition to our galaxy has been named earth , a word from the hindrian language meaning unsightly , misshapen barren wasteland .
in addition to working with hominids r us , he was working with pips , an offshoot of the mighty apple corporation .
in addition to the room , they had also prepared for him a brand new , green resistant body in a fetching shade of dull black .
fancycrazyhydrants would be a welcomed addition to any school or childs personal library.by jill eisnaugle , author of coastal whispers the newest superhero on the block may be as close as your curb !
in addition , the fyros failed to execute pluggos group since they were just , again , solas or copies of their real bodies .
in addition , the entity of that world was a big unknown that he had not rather deal with , but he was getting desperate .
he claimed the document was for a ship 's drive alteration , and that whatever it was that i flew as a messenger could be greatly enhanced with the addition of a single eid to the ion recombination chamber .
if the addition worked as advertised , i would be piloting the fastest known ship in the galaxy , exceeded only by the gravity drive on the grid .
as gy worked on the swift 's hull , i filled him in on our other enhancements : our eid addition to the engines and our full-strength ion cannon .
those thoughts were put to rest with the addition of thousands of small microcharges that would be embedded within its layers .
eventually hed need help beyond what melrose could offer and three good additions stood facing him .
they both smiled at the attractive addition to their troop who had placed herself against the wall on the other side of the large table that dominated the room .
a series of additions made of rough wood timbers and planking jutted out from the sides and the second floor , doubling the original building in size .
initially fearful that the rooms underneath were on fire and ready to give out , they quickly realized theyd reached the rickety additions of the building .
from the rocky rubble and dirt that surrounded the entrance , pierce assumed that these additions were made after a small cave-in .
several of the channels were in the united states , the bbc in the united kingdom , in addition to a number of stations located throughout europe and asia .
theyve also chosen to construct a number of bunkers farther north in addition to several extremely remote locations .
in addition , there were a number of geostationary satellites orbiting ohio and derwent that were used to ensure full planetary coverage but these very rarely needed maintenance .
in addition to seizing the military compound 's computer system and negotiating the dramatic release of the alien ship , vole also planted a new virus in the government computer network .
in addition , the klarn made it clear there would be no manufacturing of shielding until the military signed a treaty .
the difference is the addition of a tunic trimmed in bright embroidery along the front closure that denotes the clan and close affiliations .
in addition , he knows that the director of xeres division five , james haipt , selected him for this operation .
the addition of watching dr. jralt should easily work within that goal and eliminate a major block for the project .
in addition he speculates on the nature of the recently confirmed existence of the higgs boson particle , as well as a yet to be identified fundamental particle oscillation and its relationship to time , space and parallel universes .
in addition to the instantaneous a to b translation they have the opportunity for an instantaneous 'now ' to 'then ' translation .
he was the one who came up short in this rally ; almost as if the passage of time had required the addition of technology to guard against the value and purpose of life .
in addition to the security gate , my father had lined the driveway with security sensors and some electrical devices that could stun the average intruder .
in addition , you will be studied by military scientists and biologist in the name of research for global security .
while at chow a few months back , joe had finally summed up enough courage to ask this unusual addition to the base about his background and ancestry .
the addition of another person 's weight began to jar the flight pack sensors and it abruptly began to go off kilter .
he opens it and i get a brief glance inside the most detailed pencil drawing of a brain that ive ever seen , but i know what a brain looks like and this drawing has some tiny additions to it .
and do n't forget , he has one of the best protectors on the planet watching over him , and now he gains me as an addition to his team when he marries danielle .
the most successful and diverse group were placental mammals , whose members included hoofed animals of various species ( consisting of both carnivores and herbivores ) and long thin-legged primates with feet and hands capable of griping things , in addition to the growth of differentiated teeth for chewing .
in addition to mouse and hound ( sounds like a pub name , butterfly had giggled , sending another roar of laughter through the group ) there was flea , the smallest of them ; rabbit , named for what he declared were his usually successful attempts to fuck anything that moved ; and panda .
the only other new addition to her wardrobe was a round pendant about an inch across hung on a silver wheat chain .
in addition , christine fletcher , a veterinarian and talented ya author , provided a number of valuable details that i cant talk about here without creating spoilers .
about the author in addition to being a ya author , lisa nowak is a retired amateur stock car racer , an accomplished cat whisperer , and a professional smartass .
nothing specific , but we do know that all additions to planets forces they had made , are housed in all of their structures built in front of the castle .
rukaryo pointed to the highlighted structures and said , ever since the summoners have gained control , theyve been making additions to the planets military and defense .
in addition to jhahnahkans family , the remaining council members were also present at the chamber .
if the march was a struggle for bethel , with fetters in addition to his chains , plus his tattoo and the cuts from the beating , the only sign of it at the end of the day was a pronounced limp .
she watched glass blown from melted crystals , the finest being turned into drinking glasses , and the least delicate coloured with the addition of minerals .
the revelation talks of a great multitude which could not be numbered ( in addition to the 144,000 saints who are sealed by god before the great tribulation begins ) .
these is-30 javelin fighters are the most recent addition to our arsenal , the governor told his guests .
the exclusive access , in addition to there being few other passengers aboard , meant that he was able to walk by himself without seeing another person .
8 since meta technology was abandoned after the ascension , it is unknown whether the meta , in addition to having developed sentience , developed any mental powers .
one wields the knife kate used earlier in addition to his club while the other circles around , behind asher .
in addition , it continues to resist all efforts to move it ; indeed , it remains 'stationary ' relative to the surrounding rock strata , despite the removal of all supporting strata structures .
with demon evidence in addition to amulets , there was more than enough cause for me to get to work .
in addition , though i was actually duty bound to fry them all , they could be released from their curse if i could destroy its source .
fortunately , the radiation of type 3 particles was not in sufficient concentration to rapidly convert the surrounding type 1 material in a 'chain reaction ' , and was not energetic enough to escape the lab , which was now being rapidly reinforced by the addition of several layers of concrete and steel .
i have excitement and discovery in addition to physical stimulation , but it is all intellect , art , and sensation with no one to actually share it with .
in addition to short stories , i have four essentially completed novels that i plan to sell as modestly priced e-books over the next few months .
the only other noticeable difference that the small barrio had over the span of many decades was the streetlights , and the addition of large rocks to the main road which had leveled off over the years and gave the impression of a stone road .
instead , there was what looked like a fork made of three prongs -- the middle one spiked straight while the other two also spiked up with additions of a downward spike that resembled that of a fishhook !
in addition to my teaching and studying , i helped make a game with my philosophical ideals at its core .
in addition , the baby became the property of the state to ensure it would receive an adequate upbringing .
in addition to talking about the current state of the economy and some key environmental issues , it was rumoured he was going to make a special announcement .
in addition to building her physical strength , alex was building her strength of character as well .
in addition to his physical stature , he was charming , articulate , and poised , but also had a calm demeanor that put people at ease .
in addition to their reprimand , they were sentenced to hard labor , organizing the tens of thousands , if not a hundred thousand , books into a manageable way so that they could be delivered to the furnace .
after the mine , we bought various production facilities , just enough that we could build further additions to the station in orbit .
in addition to his rantings about taking over the universe , he would speak about a special vision ?
many additions and modifications have been performed on the ship in the months prior to departing from romulus , captain .
darren took on another part time job at a news agency , in addition to his already full day as a diesel engine mechanic .
larry knew if ben was on his game it was a big addition to the movie ( as winning the lottery would be to your bank account ) .
in addition to authors , many amateur and professional artists as well as musicians , playwrights , poets , dancers and vocalists also have occasional or repeated contact with members of the mwc , as do some naturalists , especially those who wander far from the beaten paths .
i couldnt be the chief communicator with any degree of success without studying with and observing lama sangyay , with all the respect and devotion my heart can generate , for over fourteen years up to now in this lifetime and countless lifetimes in addition to this one .
today , another sunny california day , when led asks me how i am doing , i feel cared about in addition to being evaluated .
in addition to the penalties exacted by the councils judgment , we also begin our own internal disciplinary procedures .
`` but i feel as if we spanners are all supposed to know how to use every new phone , every new home entertainment system component , every type of hardware and software for home and office use in addition to every other hand-held or personal computing device that is invented as soon as it is available .
in addition to having my son be one of one of the first and most responsive readers of this book , it is obvious that he is the best person to be my main consultant ( until i get to know espe better ) for making the mwc contacts public .
there are three houses in addition to mine nearby : one is my landowners , right behind mine ; one is set further back , between our land and the cemeterys ; the other is set further back , beyond my landowners , and belongs to the vineyard .
a brilliant mwc addition , to guarantee that there can not be mistakes claimed or hollywood make-up artists ' helping with hiding the color changes , the change in skin tone stays for ten years and is made apparent in every newborn for ten years ( through 1/1/24 ) .
in 2013 , many science fiction and fantasy writers , in addition to those ive already mentioned , go public as having been contacted by mwc members before 2012 to help earthers adjust to all of these changes .
in addition to my willingness and ability to have more than one child in our family , which fundamentally changes zefs life and personality , our relationship is very different .
i continue to accidentally timult many things , including our life together : i see appearances and additions to my increasing library of future snapshots that i call previews whenever i meditate and swim , am half asleep or have a high fever .
in addition , they cited the inclusion of students as young as 9 and as old as 95 in the esp ( excellent skills program ) trainings provided by the mwc delegates and herself as the singlemost inclusive educational endeavor ever attempted .
next , clara branon asks alicia elsbeth russell , meryl and pekka aalto : speak , please , in whichever languages you choose in addition to english , to explain some of the ways learning off-earth or other-species ' languages changes your perspectives , knowledge , emotions , and lives .
in addition to the rifle , a belt now girded jesus waist from which hand grenades hung like toxic fruit .
heck , once bert got fixed up , he could be a valuable addition to their company , winston believed .
in more recent years , the addition of the theme park with its amazing mermaid performers has added to the popularity of this noteworthy tourist destination ... . and so on .
this was in addition to the two divisions of xelon dru that had set themselves before them , with still another five divisions of one thousand in route to combine their forces with the original two divisions .
in addition , the nenthars guns were not currently facing them and they were not in the tanars direct path .
the latest addition to the team , aron veryan , looked as if she could throw up with worry at any moment .
but nella suspected it had more to do with the last minute addition of dr. carton to the witness list and dr. schneider to the defendant list .
in addition , dr. gerta schneider stands accused of theft , transportation of dangerous materials without precaution , and the kidnapping and enslavement of dr. michael carton . ''
theres a man called richard dakin who , in addition to opposing quack , has made it his duty to prevent david gratton from opening the fez .
in addition to the contacts , when i had awoken this morning , i had found a pile of neatly folded clothes at the foot of my bed .
in addition , the long cape attached to the spaulders , as well as the plume that sprouted almost garishly from the top of the helm , were both red .
in addition to his research contributions , torret taught several of the basic organic transformation apothos classes .
she often worked out on her own in addition to riding her bike , but she had never had someone push her as hard as leo had today .
beros is comfortable with the situation , and when our experimenter offers a drink in addition to promised pay , why would n't he take it ?
as the flagship was now overcrowded by the addition of so many men to its crew , mr. edison had them distributed among the other cars .
in addition to the combat version , weve also looked at specialized versions like electronic counter measures , and refueling and resupply models .
in addition to the two tankers , there was also a supply ship carrying new equipment , plus lots of recon and attack drones .
in addition to that , the fact that the enemy knew where to ambush the supply convoy , as well as that they knew enough about this star system to wait for a favorable configuration of sun , gas giant and the ambush star system , indicates that they have detailed astrogational information on star systems they havent surveyed themselves .
with the addition of earthen seawater , and dont ask me why , i dont know , but with this addition trimedian became a powerful weapon .
in addition to the typically stark white exterior , many houses displayed pastel yellows , magentas and blues with colonnaded entrance-ways , tiled mosaics and ornate glass windows .
in addition to the vegetable medley there was a sweating bottle of chablis , the genuine article from france .
in addition to chef-members , there were artists , musicians , doctors and nurses , construction specialists , botanists and a host of other vocations .
in addition to hydroelectric , marcus paul had the vision to build wind turbines to store energy in the form of hydrogen which generated by the excess energy generated by hydro or wind which went unused in non-peak hours .
in addition to being a respected professor in the sciences , michael mazza also sat on the administrative board of the shore province and was part of a five member permanent board that served in disaster and threat response .
in addition , if you are to accompany me to port royal tomorrow , you shall need some other clothing .
in addition to loading and unloading , jeff took a turn at one of the oars for two of the trips and by the time the job was complete , he was exhausted , soaked with sweat , and the burning in his muscles was matched only by the burning in the parts of his skin that had been left exposed to the tropical sun .
he could not imagine that craig had left his own ship unattended , but perhaps he had been forced to in order to have enough men to stage the ambush on shore in addition to taking over the other two ships .
it would be yours as a bonus , in addition to whatever johnny wants for the place , which would be much more than that .
by our laws you are now both acting chief and acting shaman , in addition to being police chief . ''
but when i saw that logging rights had been assigned to the tribe i knew that in addition to removing mort , both the chief and the shaman had to be replaced by me .
in addition to being formidable fighter in some of his forms , he found the doppelganger bodies of your father and uncle and may know something else useful .
in addition i avoid graphic depictions of sex and violence and tend to steer towards positive outcomes .
but , when no one was looking , we packed guns and plenty of ammunition in addition to all the camping gear we 'd be able to backpack through a long cave .
what you hold in your hands is a new addition to your dna , which will improve said the major , but he stopped when a hiss coming from ailioss left caught his attention .
however i had hoped the privileges of bearing the name , nitusomin , may yet get another addition to its admittedly brief list .
most newer weapons were extraordinarily difficult to break with typical forces , but apparently the military was outfitting their trial recruits with shitty weapons in addition to shitty training .
in addition to having a tapetum and a maksutov-cassegrain telescope built into their eyes , they also have an extra , internal iris built in .
in addition to all this , after their evening meal , they worked on romes unending art and design projects and they listened to music .
in addition , the diameter of such storms would larger than a continent and go from the north pole all the way down to the equator .
your responsibilities in addition to the language studies will be to assist in navigation and hopefully we can learn from each other . ''
they had been discussing their options , but in reality they were simply receiving the report from don the great , for he had assumed command of the palace guards in addition to their military .
those of the red would seem most interested in trading for the iron and brass you produce , and have available much timber and grain in addition to their royal spring for trading . ''
heather requested the addition of a supply of ale , for it had been long since those of the forest had enjoyed a glass .
it was the king 's pronouncement that don the great would assume control of the palace guard in addition to the military that caused him the most concern .
yet , he banged the buttons again , trying to twist simple addition and subtraction to his despairing will .
in addition , there were some very classified projects that were getting ready to be turned over to the military for actual combat testing .
in addition to magnetic attraction-repulsion , once a threshold had been crossed the bulk swarm became gravitationally entrained as well .
the addition of some liquid back to his drained veins brought him back to a state where he could understand speech again .
in addition , he knew that even if there were some people left in the area , no stragglers would be likely to come to his aid .
the incomplete had discovered that in addition to needing human dna to survive , they would also need to learn to reproduce sexually , since they were developing human sex organs .
in addition , there were a lot of cruisers , frigates , and corvettes , mostly from the miccvan navy .
in addition to fear , the men felt despair and great loss , almost as if life was draining from them and not just their own lives .
`` in addition to the size , the planet has exactly the same atmosphere composition , '' said aileen .
in addition to numbers , many individual machines had adopted a universal name to better distinguish themselves , and to emphasize that they were individuals .
this author knows her stuff and was able to weave an exciting tale that involved the technical side in addition to the personal side of racing drivers , the teams and the rivalries that are ever-present in motor sports .
as i touched the new , very strange additions to my mouth , the guard saw his chance to bring me down .
the coffee table was scratched , dented , and had a lot of watermark stains , in addition to other stains i couldnt identify and probably didnt want to identify .
in addition to these venders and the opportunistic restrooms , the club itself projected images of what was happening inside the club for those outside waiting in line .
that , in addition to the images , was enough to make up for not actually getting into the club itself . )
the earth has gone through many natural and manmade disasters , in addition to the natural evolution every planet goes through .
in addition , i wanted to get another search going on my search the universe software before i left because i didnt want six hours to pass without it working for me .
in addition to this beautiful fee , the new member had to pledge never to talk about the keepers of the secrets , or kots as they liked to refer to themselves , because the first rule of kots was not to talk about kots .
in addition , i have men just walking around the grounds , making sure everyone stays in position and that nothing has been overlooked .
it is my understanding that you are section fours in-house expert on the krokator star empire in addition to your duties as junior liaison officer to the commission .
in addition , the return on investment would be quick , as there was a high degree of confidence that the particular plant could be used to cure depression .
in addition , a chemical was pricked into the stunned subject and that would ensure they did not remember what had happened minutes before .
i checked him this afternoon , and i believe this , in addition to what i gave you before , is a fair price .
in addition , the remaining time setters were tested with stricter psychological parameters , and four did not pass .
in addition , due to advances in pharmacological testing tools , the time that an experimental drug took to go from lab to patient had been shortened to three years from the usual fifteen in the 2010s .
in addition , several top aides were there , and a man harvey did n't recognize , who had the air of a visiting general , plus a small entourage with the 'general . '
in addition to the moral imperative that human civilization fund basic scientific research to better understand the universe , the usa might again need a military capability someday .
bates had taken several uninhibited premium fuel aided romps in the nitro over the weekend , in addition to the brief but adventurous drive to work that very morning .
in addition , even the crab was smiling , and to the audience her smiling was totally unprecedented .
the story continued to evolve during the course of the party , until it was well established that bates had strong mafia connections , and that as a further humiliation , in addition to barns having to resign and give bates his job , the poor man was also forced to marry twig .
in addition , the trail of ca , blood , and tiny body parts such as hair and skin fragments , was easily followed .
but it was still not as bad as the back seat , which , having only just come to terms with the addition of milo , now had to accommodate mel as well .
this allowed them a wonderful view of the giant central glass enclosure and other recent additions made since the end of the cold war .
rumored to cost tens of billions of dollars , some of enterprise city was similar in concept to disney world 's epcot center , but in addition to being a center for public enlightenment and amusement , it was also a true center for science , technology , the arts , and education , in which tens of thousands of people actually worked , played , and lived .
software additions provided control of the weapons , sophisticated battle tactics , and flight control within passenger safety tolerances .
the addition to the team of the law and order governor of arizona , chiricahua apache chief latanna , was an event not soon to be forgotten .
in addition , though officially the ca'ra would escape blame , unofficially , the crew 's opinion of who was largely at fault would leak out anyway .
bates reasoned that a plump pizza fed cream puff like milo would be a welcome addition to the diet of most coyote families , especially at the onset of winter .
in addition to considering the merits of your quest , it must be determined if any of you will ever be permitted to leave this realm alive . ''
`` in addition , on your world is difficult for reasons not known to use telepathy , for even kronans !
i know he 'll be a useless addition to your group of misfits , but perhaps you could somehow lose him in the jungle ? ''
in addition the remains of a fallen bot is perfect food for the remaining bots and is quickly recycled to grow other bots . ''
thanks to advance preparation by jigs , the vtol aircraft brought food and camping equipment in addition to people .
in addition , many 'practice runs ' had been carried out , in which groups at the site and around the world had focused their power to pru .
he was perfect for the job , since in addition to his political skills , the justice organization of the league needed earth police skills to help begin a crackdown on ra activities that were suspected to be illegal .
in addition to studying the land and its people , mel pursued a scientific understanding of the black pit , which was soon renamed the earth nexus portal .
in addition , the two dragons disappeared in the region where the portal was suspected to be , shortly after quetzal announced to baldor that they would return to earth after they had toured the area , whatever that meant .
after vala and alessia helped gerryls finish with the blood groups analysis , they had concluded that more than ninety percent of other humanoid races , in addition to the kayrians and tulorians and the animal creatures from their planets , possessed a different iron rich compound in the blood .
seynorynaelian blood , when exposed to oxygen , did not react as much to it , turning red like many of the humanoids ' ; in addition stabilizing enzymes protected their blood from rapid oxidation .
he held two titles , in addition to his rank of general in the martial scientific force , that of the grand marshall also the title of the coordinator of the expansion .
the launch of the developmental team to kae-myah had been scheduled for only hours away , and ornenkai didnt want the little addition to the order to be inadvertently forgotten .
sameer had a spacious indoor basketball court built as an addition to his comfortable home in sausalito , and once the contractors left they went to work installing soundproofing , bulletproof glass and lined the room with kevlar wallpaper .
with the addition of my incredible lenses acting as giant light magnets , for the first time ever , data from the subject isnt lost due to the limitations of the cameras sensors .
i can assure you , with the improvements ive made in the software and image construction , in addition to the increased energy , when we form the hologram , we will bring your captive back .
in addition , there is a golf ball sized data storage area , which is far more than you will ever need .
in addition to his inventions , he had written several software programs that had brought in additional sums of money .
the little blondes addition to his personal fan club was a very pleasing development , and one he intended to make maximum use of .
i really dont care about traveling around doing one night stands , and in addition , i have my nightclub to think about .
in addition to the necklace rings and purses , all members of master reds personal fan club received a 3 x 10 inch walnut box .
in addition , there was a large hat with a partial face veil that she picked up and placed on her head .
master said he would pay for a full time nanny to help her with the child , and in addition , she would get a rent free apartment and a very nice salary with full benefits .
jenny was shouting it and her tears was flowing i need you for the beauty contest , i cant go there if my best friend hates me , because of this trifle as an addition , and without that good friend and good hairdresser too like you , you dont need any good hairdresser to reach a good position on the content , but i can prove only with it indeed !
- i thought if i will be with the only man on the world who is , as an addition , a world-famous actor - youre just like my older sister !
theyre maybe going to meet sometimes because of that much time what theyve been friends but the daughter of the worlds most famous man , who is a national beauty queen as an addition , a lot trendier than a nice and talented hairdresser girl .
but if she will can be delilahs enough good friend , theyre going to meet sometimes the three of them , so jenny is going to be still her friend , as an addition , she is going to be a friend of one of the worlds trendiest girls !
i mean , jenny is very trendy and pretty too , but the other one won a national beauty contest and her father is a movie star , who , as an addition , is the only man on the world !
the grief tormented her through many years because of he died with the other men and boys , she got to know that there is even more bigger grief than she used to feel before , because she experienced it , as an addition , also regard to laurence .
as an addition , she hasnt talk to anybody fro twenty years , without that telephone conversation the other day .
i think you also would like to be his girlfriend but i think you also have seen in our show that it isnt that easy , as an addition , he still mourn his wifes death , and she is the only woman who he could feel drawn to , till he is going to experience love , even if only by one member of the couple , to feel that somebody loves him .
- im staying she can get know in that way that what to do to laurence believe her , she wouldnt see it on tv because she couldnt arrive back in the hotel in that moment because it was a live broadcast , and even if they will repeat on tv what the girl said , it wasnt sure that dina will watch tv exactly than too , as an addition , exactly this channel .
- i saw today in live broadcast that they found a forty-one years old woman who exactly loves her daddy , as an addition , for more than twenty years !
they was laughing at how dina liked fish , in that more meaning because it was the mans nickname too and at laurence still liked females , but to eat them , as an addition , this body part of them .
as an addition , he could be her father too because the only reason of he hasnt get older since he was middle-aged , is that he was frosted !
- some girls , as an addition , such a many of them was demonstrating in front of the research institute because they think researchers lied when they said my manly personality and attraction towards womankind are going to become , only if ill be a relationship with someone who loves me .
as an addition , that puts the lid on it exactly now when i havent any idea what delilah wants , does she want to meet me at all .
maybe a tv channel paid for the researchers to that girls who long for romantic nature watch or hear about how a real love is created in the reality , in the present because they only can see things like this always i n movies , as an addition , in twenty-year-old or even more old movies and read about this .
as an addition i used to dare only say hello and answer everybody with the exception of my family , my best friend and some relatives , and this still continues , just now , when anybody doesnt live of my family , relatives and friends with the exception of you who i meet with , im shy with everybody with the exception of you .
i also regulate that in punctually what minute and hour do things in my life , and so long rule-system developed to my study at home after arriving in home aster school that when i used to write it into my diaries , it used to take a whole page seat , as an addition that way that i used to write with as small characters as i could to theres enough room .
as an addition , ive read how intelligent you are , and i cant doubt this and your persistence also because ive read you also have a degree , and for example i hardly could finish training trade school and grammar school while i used to study eight and half hours every day after school so sometimes instead of school , on average , when i was in the twelfth class when i was a grammar school student , and seven hours when i used to go to the eleventh class .
i also forgot to tell you that my memory is so terrible like this , as an addition , ive fight very hard at every field of my life , but the results are almost opposite .
this was the first time in her life when she didnt looking forward to a kissings end , as an addition , she was wishing it never come to an end .
human communication should be more than mere words , with perhaps the addition of vocal intonation , but gestures and facial expressions that conveyed a quantum level of thought .
`` am i correct in assuming that , in addition to finding ourselves in a cul-de-sac , we are also hoplessly lost ? ''
helen and susan got personnel lists for the south pavibon public protection force , in addition to many of the cops personal likes .
the emergency deep-space ship utility mechanic/medics , or edssumms , are a fairly new addition to the worlds but have gained almost instant recognition .
as the large bonfire crackled and popped with the addition of fresh fuel , a thousand different thoughts rattled around my mind before i became conscious of both gellica and nadalie looking down from their sleeping spots high up in their trees .
although aware of the difficulties - mars is not a favorable environment even for androids and robots - the virtual beings agreed to the proposal , obtaining in addition considerable autonomy .
in addition to low security patients , there was a small medium security section on this site , and they therefore had to go through two locked doors to get out of the ward and into the main corridor .
it pays to remain excessively polite with women you do n't really knowmost of them appreciate that , you are showing respect , it shows you are an educated male , maybe you even have true emotions in addition to your sexual ones .
and , in addition , he could also classify me as a person being in dire need of psychiatric assistance . ''
your scientists are currently only aware of three dimensions , plus , if you will , an imaginary fourth one to account for the imaginary direction in which matter is supposed to extend in addition to the three dimensions of euclidean geometry . ''
i use the undamaged parts of his brain for the purpose of all physical functions , which are controlled of course by my own brain , which , in addition , has taken over the management and operation of all the mental functions .
in addition , they can change their supplier whenever they want to , and some have done just that , i undertake nothing to forcibly retain them .
salary , bonuses , expenses , stock options , dividends , and i use it all freely for my research purposes , in addition to providing my physical self with a pleasing standard of living while enjoying the hospitality of your planet .
that means that in addition to the saved production time , you would also save a few thousand labor hours cleaning the blades .
and in addition to the legal slaughter of the elephants , there are another 30,000 of them killed illegally each year .
in addition to the murders i told you aboutdo n't forget , one murder per minute according to the u.n. statisticsthere are 8 million rapes of women each year , including gang rapes .
`` because of all the arguing , in addition to the soldiers and the police and the secret police we also have to employ vast numbers of human beings as lawyers to resolve our disputes , or to try to . ''
in addition to the national teams , we also do this for individual club championships : you name it , football teams , handball teams , basketball teams , volleyball teams , hockey teams , cycle-racing teams , squash teams , badminton teams , swimmers , skiers , ski-jumpers , tennis players , track athletes , horses and their riders , formula i drivers and their cars , truck racers and their trucks , rally drivers and their cars and/or their motorbikesi would need half an hour to give you a complete list of everything , jeremy .
in addition to the beliefs , we have a lot of superstitions which , by the way , are also beliefs , but unfounded ones .
but we were clearly waiting for additions to the party and so i excused myself and was directed to a door leading to the toilets oras they are so eerily referred to by the americansto the restrooms .
maybe , deranged though he is , he hasin addition to his astonishing and prodigious mind-bending abilitiesoutstanding talents as an amateur physicist and astronomer .
in addition to next friday 's meeting , i intend seeing your prime minister informally either tomorrow or on tuesday , and i will be making use of his perceived interest in what you and i refer to as my computer-hacking capabilities to obtain his agreement on two points concerning yourself . ''
and yes , we know that lakmish devi has 108 names and is responsible for many other things in addition to wealth .
he picked up his smg , a new addition since p324ds close combat necessities , and locked it into its strap behind his right shoulder .
admiral shemeka apologized to the captain for keeping him in the dark about her plan , but as a last minute addition to her fleet she did n't completely trust any of the captains except her own .
i ducked below the surface as one came close , knowing that they would lift me inside to save me and notice my new addition .
i followed nevada and lainie through the expanse , taking in the familiar shops and noting a few new additions .
i sighed , knowing that it would be annoying now that lainies object of obsession would be within the same vicinity - in addition to her object of utmost hatred .
i was an anonymous , moderately famous magicianin addition to combat skills i 'd also picked up some showman tricks and swiftness of hand over the years , but the main attraction to my shows was something that was not fake .
in addition , the value of children did n't seem to be what it was in our timea better way to say this is that the occasional demise of a youth would not be mourned more than the death of an established , contributing member of society .
lil was dressed much as her brother was , minus the long coat and with the addition of a tattered red bow holding what was probably shoulder-length hair into a short ponytail .
he was of average build , dressed in much the same way as the rest of the crew save for a dedicated gun belt beneath his coat in addition to at least three holsters strapped across his chest and legs .
police suspect that at minimum three others are involved in the crime in addition to the three disguised thieves .
in addition to using our physic talents to bolster the phoenix fbi office 's investigative prowess , john also wanted to expand the physic talent pool available to him .
there was no reason not to conclude that the addition of new granules was changing pauline , and giving nemesis more of a foothold in her head .
in addition we have extensive information that proves the barbarians are colony material as per the charters of contact for greater humanity .
in addition looking at the events of the last few years proves that we would be a stabilizing influence there .
in addition it looks like there will be some open land to the north we could look to set up other colonies and keep everybody happy said faction council member razzeen .
in addition the growing season is normally from the cold to hot transitions and takes place during the hot season and finishes during the transition to the cold season .
in addition every years they have an election to pick a new leader for the united states , we will be arriving after the election during the transition period , our researchers are predicting the current leader will lose and be forced to step down .
he had been genetically modified to perform better and stay healthier ; in addition he has had his right arm replaced with the most advanced cybernetic arm , capable of four transformations : a blaster , sword , computer and standard arm .
in addition i want to see what level of resources we are looking at using , these might need to be set aside , and perhaps a major military test or some sort of building program announced so the others do not become worried or alarmed , '' replied the first defense councilor .
`` they have a great desire to rule much of the planet , with the right type of help and proper motivation i think they can achieve many things , in addition they are among the largest producers of petroleum on the planet and have an extensive network of pipelines .
this response brought a general relaxing among the room , for building and selling such simple weapons would be easy to make a great profit , in addition the golden ones would not get that upset since they were not providing a primitive people with top grade weapons .
in addition we are thinking some basic rail guns and hovercraft to start with , nothing to eye catching but also nothing that will alarm the golden ones or the others .
in addition as part of our negotiations we will request permission to build a minor fort on the russian side of the gate , this will help warn our defenses if anything surprising happened .
in addition it will speed up the creation of a union if we can make sure we take a balanced approach .
in addition we are looking at some of the other ex-colonial people like the brazilians , mexicans , south africans and some others in africa .
in addition the leaders were still arguing about the makeup of the first contact team and the rules .
in addition they kept on asking about the military side of things , the information they wanted they knew he could not give them but they still asked and asked and asked .
in addition the incoming president mentioned she liked the aw1 program , it was one of the few she did .
in addition new grip and proposed removal of the second trigger to the left hand should help better balance the use of the hands now that we are moving remaining lateral controls to the feet and knees , replied major jackson .
in addition we are using a different electronics package where they are using a more balanced hydraulic and electronics , replied major tom .
in addition this would be the first time in a very long time that a new member would be added to greater humanity , the last member of the remaining 6 planets .
in addition many new and old favorites would need to be talked to , favors would need to be given and taken .
in addition can we push back more against the 2030 pollution standards , the big donors were specific that these standards were costing them a lot of money .
in addition they had developed large and transformable building systems that could accurately reflect a large scale border fort and not break the bank .
in addition they started to target the major satellites , only the smaller or top secret satellites survived the next few hours as they entered the weapons envelope of the golden empire .
the president was in a very awkward position , an unknown force of a very high technological ability was attacking the united states , in addition it was the day after christmas and much of the military , security forces , government and first responders were on leave or short staff .
in addition more forces , what the analysts are calling occupation or second rate forces are now passing thru the gate .
in addition it started to broadcast on other channels information about themselves , the universe and about some of the claims made by their archrival , the golden imperial empire .
current plans were to hold at wheeler , and prepare for a large crossing at wesley island , in addition a smaller blocking force was being set up outside of ticonderoga near the historic fort ticonderoga of revolutionary war fame .
the battle would be a major test , for the americans now outnumbered the golden ones and were prepared , plus the addition of the lightgivers was having and enormous effect on morale if nothing else .
in addition he and his team were preparing for a journey of a life time , they were preparing to pass thru the rift gate and be the first people of earth to set foot on another planet .
in addition new helmets with integrated communications , heads up displays and more would be provided .
in addition the mining of the edge of the trenches killed or maimed others that tried to clear them in a single jump .
in addition we will invite some of the senior staff together for some advanced training and tactics classes .
in addition the training of the russians , especially with the short course programs always used a large amount of practice and live fire weapons .
much smaller than those on unity 3 , the joint human-eg was designed to provide both defense and warehousing space , in addition to the new training and repair yards a large team of construction crews and equipment were already on site and preparing new runways and beginning foundations for the walls and main areas .
in addition much of the planet was off limits to most people , including the general public of the empire .
in addition the lightgivers were able to strike back at the golden ones planet of g5 , after the rift gate allows traffic in both directions .
in addition the water flooded the rift gate and passed on thru to the other planet causing major delays .
in addition once the extra recon drones are deployed then we will be better informed of what is going on .
in addition if lord welk agrees to meet that low class woman , then he would be forced to halt his advances , but the occupation forces would still be allowed to move .
in addition the third army would be used either in an emergency or as preferred to overwhelm the smaller force and crush it , then freeing up additional troops and heading to the other gate .
in addition fearing a major cash run , limits was placed on how much could be taken at any given time .
in addition to the closing of the stock markets the financial and commodities exchanges were closed as well .
in addition the economy is still shaken , many feel a worldwide depression will hit , if so , we will not be able to support new and major increases in the budget , in reality we will need to cut , and cut hard .
in addition the trade federation was rumored to have some readymade adaptations for the walkers that would greatly increase their effectiveness .
in addition by allowing the fighting on a small scale to happen in the vast interior of the continent each side was still able to fight .
in addition the foolish actions of the first captain lord welk including the destruction of new york , boston , toronto and detroit could be used for a very long time .
in addition we are now working more with the americans to develop a large trench system , something they liked from the battle of allentown .
in addition he we are smart and move pretty slow then we can slowly bring larger and more ambitious people into the light by offering them better positions or benefits .
in addition it put in place a system where each bank approved by the federal reserve bank could access your records .
in addition similar to the great depression the government was now looking to directly employ large workforces who would be moved around the nation in order to build new massive cities and infrastructure for the nation .
in addition pick up the senior staff members of the governor and whoever else you think is involved .
in addition countries like the united states , which was still strong , would be forced to fight more and more on the ground where they did not want to .
in addition training time would be less since only one person would be in each unit as opposed to the three or four in a tank .
in addition while mexico and brazil are pretty similar each of the four will be different and will not work very well with the others .
her and her family still had support of the high nobles in addition she played only a small role in the efforts of draco .
in addition the rumors around the trial were worrisome ; a few were blaming the continuing indecision of lady leliilei as a distracting and damaging to the first captain and the war efforts in general .
in addition with the continued cooperation of the slaves from the eternal union with the russians the battlefield on earth might expand again .
in addition now she was also free of welk , while she liked him , he was always demanding her time and attention , and now with him gone she could focus both on herself and her ambitions .
let us review shall we , your proposal is to give to the humans for colonization the systems of epsilon eridani , planet 1845 and tau ceti , planet 1896 , in addition all systems within 100 earth light years will be under their direct control .
in addition you will and your friends in the trade federation will work with them to resettle and will endeavor to provide useful technology as needed .
in addition you will provide them resources for the construction of the fortifications but will not until at least 10 years has passed and they can prove their worth and are a safe and peaceful people .
i like to spend time with my family and am excited that we will soon have a new addition in february of 2014 .
in addition , jacy was able to bend completely at the waist so that the side of her face rested against her knee .
`` yes , if you look , you 'll see that they have a very manageable connection between the standard floor type structure and the more eccentric , twisting or angled additions . ''
in addition , they seemed to have grouped themselves based on their pronunciation of the rivers name : people on one side were wearing green and yellow scarves and sweaters ; the others were wearing black turtlenecks , most of which proclaimed tyre-tel in large white letters .
in addition , he was wearing boots and a hat , and walking on all fours the boots were , indeed , on all four of his feet ?
in addition , her breathing became short and difficult she hoped something wasnt wrong with her respiratory system .
in addition , it would appear that either someone had turned out the lights , or she had gone blind .
i would also like to throw out a special thanks to zoe cannon , an amazing writer in her own right , in addition to my copyeditor and cover-putter-together-er .
in addition to occasionally smacking some sense into my head , she has supported and encouraged me to keep up the hard work , even when im cranky and tired .
in addition to its unbreakable defense it was unheard of for the flagship to travel alone , and it was almost always under the guard of at least one fighter squadron .
in addition what you ca n't see is that because of the quick change in mass the moon 's gravitational pull shifted and has lost 45 % of its atmosphere .
a reploid is someone who was born with an extremely deep shockhaven well , even deeper than that of an immortal , for the purpose of powering cybernetic additions such as prosthetic limbs and a unique type of battle armor that is powered completely by the wearers shockhaven .
as confused as i was by their sudden additions i did n't ave time to think about the deeper meaning to them .
that with the addition of their only sound plan of attack gone , they were already beaten , but did n't want to admit it .
`` regardless , i figured you were ready to move forward to growing additions , such as the wings you were interested .
the bone structure was simple and remind me of another set of arms with shoulders for each , but unlike normal arms they tapered off to a point , and in all they were much thinner , longer and opened up to a thin membrane feathers were an after addition and were kind of like making fingernails and hair .
he was planing on making them the new masters for the three new additions to project yeagher , even though the next generation of subjects would n't be ready for years .
this told her that in addition to a microphone and speakers , the creature must also have been equipped with a camera that allowed the professor to see what it saw .
marine division space units ( co - commissioned officer , xo - executive officer , nco - non-commissioned officer ) fire team : unit commander : nco corporal unit size : 4 troops squad : unit commander : nco corporal or sergeant unit size : 3 fire teams , 12 troops platoon : unit commander : co lieutenant and nco staff sergeant unit size : 4 squads , 48 troops company : unit commander : co captain , xo lieutenant , and nco first sergeant unit size : 4 platoons , 192 troops battalion : unit commander : co lieutenant colonel , xo major , and nco sergeant major unit size : 4 companies , 768 troops brigade : unit commander : co colonel , xo major , and nco sergeant major unit size : 4 battalions , 3,072 troops regiment : unit commander : co major general and xo brigadier general unit size : 4 brigades , 12,288 troops division : unit commander co lieutenant general or co general unit size : 4 regiments , 49,152 troops military phonetic alphabet alpha bravo charlie delta echo fox gold hotel india juliet kilo libra mike november oscar papa quebec romeo sierra tango uniform victor whiskey x-ray yankee zulu marine division space personnel mds commandant : lieutenant general daniel decuir mds commandants primary aide : lance reid mds 1st space battalion , based on mdrs - paradise company : alpha commander : none platoon 10-11 commander : lt joseph trossack squad : alpha commander : sgt derek lavelle fire team alpha : pvt albert caldwell squad : bravo commander : sgt russell nolan fire team delta - cpl terry lucifer , pfc lenn osuki , pvt joe drew fire team echo - pvt ben campbell , pvt richard ennis ( kia valhalla ) fire team fox - pvt edward castle , pvt calvin hockley , pvt darren vickers ( kia valhalla ) squad : charlie commander : sgt richard raglan pvt newberry squad : delta commander : sgt thomas morales ( kia valhalla ) fire team juliet - pfc kenny watson , pvt james horner , pvt robert royster platoon 10-12 commander : mjr john hintock platoon 10-13 commander : s-sgt ruben zaragosa squad : charlie commander : sgt michael barrett platoon 10-14 , special weapons platoon commander : s-sgt butch bulldog howard squad : delta commander : sgt frank gutierrez recruit platoon b-05 : rct erwin brookhaven merged platoon 19-20 , special operations platoon commanders : s-sgt james renquist , s-sgt valerie storm fire team one pfc brenda davis , pvt david farm boy mitchell , rct aaron johnson , rct jacob rubalcava fire team two pvt steven brickwell , pvt scott jarrod , rct kay penham ( female ) , rct scott finn fire team three pvt john franklin , pvt james nava , rct scott dempster , rct antonio duran fire team four pvt angel menden , pvt scott brooks , rct edward peavy , rct jonathan tyler fire team five pvt grant hardy , pvt lamonte crawford , rct felix aceves , rct daniel buckner fire team six pvt timothy lepore , pvt everett ethier , rct alexander wilson , rct scott bailey fire team seven pvt raymond dobson , pvt william ellis , rct mark miller , rct andrew bessler fire team eight pvt robert strawberry , pvt martin carpenter , rct wade ross , rct anthony michaels fire team nine pvt troy zachs zachary , pvt thomas craig , rct joseph mcdonald , rct koji tazawa fire team ten pvt richard mclouth , pvt thomas holliday , rct michael carp , rct enrique nieves fire team eleven pvt william markakis , pvt ivan beltran , rct hyun kim , rct patrick beckett fire team twelve pvt lamarque jones , pvt benjamin molina , rct frank capuano , rct chris withrow fire team thirteen pvt jerry hardy , pvt henry jay , rct augustin marmol , rct paul league fire team fourteen pvt arturo machado , rct phillip howell , rct esteban belisario , rct geronimo jansen fire team fifteen pvt michael roberts , rct paul punto , rct wayne hairston , rct brian young fire team sixteen pvt richard wieters , rct ryan kemp , rct michael schumaker , rct kaha wong fire team seventeen pvt luis pedroia , rct mathew wright , rct shelby miller ( female ) , rct lynn brookens ( female ) fire team eighteen pvt patrick victorino , rct william kelly , rct ernesto martinez , rct william lyons late additions : kevin dempsey ( not introduced yet ) , alvin mason ( not introduced yet ) , bryan numbnuts knotts ( not introduced yet ) , omar garcia , fernando salas , anthony cruz , james adams , tyrone wiggins infantry division earth-side liaison : lieutenant general cole mcpherson infantry division space ( or sid ) security detachment : commander : sgt jack turner primary aides : pfc johnny burton , prv vader turnbull squad : alpha cpl vincent petralli squad : bravo pvt michael barker , pvt lance blankenship , pvt edward langley , pvt wade knoblauch , pvt todd puruss , pvt tony rivera squad : charlie pvt ruben ayala , pvt jim dwyer , pvt eugene luwonn special assignment squad : zebra commander : sgt jack turner fire team 1 - sgt jack turner , pfc johnny burton , pvt alex finch , cvl calamity jane fire team 2 - cpl petralli , pvt dale anderson , pvt jim callaghan fire team 3 - pvt dan briggs , pvt gene roman , pvt chris stoomy 3-83rd battalion , out of fort bragg , north carolina , earth : commander : lt-col andrew westfall ( co ) , mjr michael rice ( xo ) , sgt-mjr tony gutierrez ( nco ) wounded in action : cpl mark gould , pvt harry williams 3-84th battalion , out of fort bragg , north carolina earth : missing in action : pvt matthew zero zuckers other personnel earth , japan : general wei general yoon earth , united states : president of the united states : richard mcgregor presidential liaison to space corps : evelyn hutch secretary of defense : general arrington unilink chief financial officer : wayne moore ( assassinated - earth ) bootscrape colony , melantha space corps administrative personnel : senior administrator : brad philmore colony treasurer : glenda davis administrative assistant : marty fielder private contractors : mining operations supervisor : bob ridgewell mining operations foreman : glenn wilson dredging operations supervisor : captain lance harkness sailors : ron lowenstein , gary roenicke courtesan ( private entertainer ) : madame claire a.k.a .
it was as if we humans had things to work out amongst ourselves before we could return to them , before we could confront , clear-eyed and without distractions , these new and enigmatic additions to our world .
in my own case , after reading a fair amount of the worlds sacred texts , in addition to as much of the classics of literature and philosophy as a late twentieth-century education has made possible , i felt compelled to write a story about miniature dragons , a world revolution , and paganism .
in addition , moses implores that it is the will of our god , but im not so sure hes really right on much of anything .
in addition to that , many other aspects of bens story seemed to be cohesive the fact he found kyle , the scene where they talked in the storage room , and the phone number from the woman .
in addition to father corins meaning and the associations of the mackinnon commune of the primary divinity , the forgiven believed that they were never , and would never , be saved .
in addition to supplying the power for assembling and running the lab , the fusion plant electrolyzed water for the hydrogen fuel for the two flitters , alice and bobbie .
in addition , the proportion of fast-twitch twining chemicalsat least that 's what i call them though they 're really , anywaytheir proportion has increased , along with certain compounds that seem related to aggressiveness . ''
the blood pact for his soul sealed , kyshon was granted the ability to wield powerful divine magic in addition to his considerable abilities with the arcane arts .
in addition to several barrels of cheap ale and bottles of rum , the shack was well supplied with enough large cured leather wineskins , dried meat and fruit , and tropical nuts to last over a dozen people many days .
in addition to her tall , powerful stature , the northwoman had thick , flowing auburn tresses , striking golden eyes , and strange pearlescent skin .
and in addition a sultry jarusian leant over the bar at stephen , her outfit leaving very little to the imagination .
the shrines inventory revolved as injuries healed , but the new additions were much like the ones that had come before : mangles , stomps , bites , stings , lacerations .
when she was upon them , creery said , nadia , convince lansing that my guns a fine addition to your hunt .
in addition to desired relief and reduction of swelling , cream may cause skin to rupture and/or loss of motor control .
the addition of this spectacular screw-up on my part , he says as he gestures to include the dirty room , makes my questions a little more relevant .
privates holt and carter , recent additions , rounded out the squad as cablers , whose dangerous but vital job was to pin down the target dragon using special pilum rifles , firing armor-piercing barbs attached to magically reinforced wires .
all the same , he was dismayed to find it further spoilt by the addition of two sets of very muddy footprints .
he might have been comforted to know that with his lounge carpet completely ruined by the addition of his own blood , guts and bodily fluids , the insurance company had very quickly replaced it with a much nicer one .
besides , he did pay for a years rent in an expensive santa barbara condominium , in addition to the lease on a flashy yellow corvetteah , she had loved that carand provided her with a generous stipend .
the council offered me a scholarship to ucla , in addition to psychic training and a guarantee of employment upon graduation .
in addition to her astronomy friends and associates , she also followed people in business , the arts and other scientific specialties .
so we made two main improvements in addition to correcting genetic defects.. '' nisha tried to keep herself under control but she could n't help letting her disgust show .
there were two seats in front , one for the pilot and one for the co-pilot , and there were two addition seats further back with a coffee type table separating them .
that , in addition to the cloaking devices on each vehicle would make tracking them virtually impossible .
`` but in light of the first prince 's commands , i will offer an addition ten thousand credits for each one that returns with whatever was in the escape pod . ''
in addition , ashra has been here before , and they have studied her light trees and have devised defenses against it . ''
first , he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air , where it went on turning and twirling , and in addition flashing and glistening .
diego , golden-skinned like his sister , with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyesas well as being aged twentyscaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse , lifting a hurling blade ( whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in , so that , once flung , it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to , and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose ) .
the constant hours of indulging in his habit would have killed him anyway , but the addition of the rat poison was all his overworked heart could stand , and it had simply stopped beating in protest .
in addition , we have evacuated all decks with hull breaches and are no longer venting atmosphere to the depths of space .
first , he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air , where it went on turning and twirling , and in addition flashing and glistening .
diego , golden-skinned like his sister , with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyesas well as being aged twentyscaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse , lifting a hurling blade ( whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in , so that , once flung , it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to , and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose ) .
in addition to this , the man was of negro race , his skin being a very exquisite dark gold , his far-reaching dark hair coiled and curled and fastened to rest on his back , and he was tall and every inch powerfully-built , but not any taller than ernesto himself .
the office itself was a more recent addition ; a very up to date building designed by a post-modern architect , and had no defined edges on the outside , just smooth black concrete pockmarked by windows spiraling upwards .
youll need these in addition to your regular key cards to gain access to anything above the atrium from now on , said colt .
in addition , it said websites need to be approved for viewing by a review board and manually enabled to allow a robotany robotaccess to them .
so what youre saying is that , in addition to intelligence and emotions , we can program instincts and gut feelings into newer higher end models .
he so desired this great addition to his power , thus he was resolved to make war on the nations , that he would prove his might to them , and they would surrender the key .
in addition to the news about nathans trade , suella longed to tell her tall friend about the even bigger news .
in addition to these rulers of general affairs , in terms of fleets , ships , and war , the admiral and vice admirals of the eif carried immense influence .
the addition of one or two vegetables or fruits gave a small pinch of luxury to a meal that would be otherwise extremely miserly .
the drink aboard the vigilante was a highly nutritious mix that further supplemented ones diet , in addition to providing the water one needed .
in addition to both of the organas , herself , and obi-wan , mon mothma had arrived , along with jedi master shaak ti , rahm kota , half a dozen other jedi she hadnt met before , and garm bel iblis , a senator from corellia , who was a late but welcome addition .
he thanked the audience for the fine turnout and announced a wonderful last minute addition to the program , a distinguished artist , famous for over a half-century on the music-hall stages of london , stepping out of retirement today just for us , you all know him ( charley paused and glanced at the card in his hand ) : harry lane !
he has now already come to an abrupt halt undamaged and unhurt away from it and he has in addition to that hauled himself up and bowed one knee against the floor with the other leg of his stretched and drawn out expertly .
his emotions were acidic and unreceptive , an indication that he was going to kill it should he ever catch up with it and in addition to that seize it victoriously .
in addition , in these troubling times jason aims to expose major cover ups such as dragons behind every major war , zombies boosting the coffee industry and the unicorns unionizing movement plaguing the nation .
in addition to facing his fears , alex will have to take on his nightmares , an annoying sister , and his clueless parents that only get in his way .
in addition to the prescription fee , the user/designer/judge must actively network and data-share exclusively with karmageddon corporation , in exchange for judgment privileges and perks .
he is as emotionally annihilated by the events as she must be and in addition very nearly suffered a heart attack .
in addition he could see numerous augs patrolling the grounds and stationed in guard towers along access points to some of the buildings .
in addition , dr. stone has valuable first-hand knowledge of the augs social structure and their inner workings , which could prove extremely helpful in the future , josephine replied .
in addition , manned aircraft were being replaced with uavs so there was no perceived need for pilots in the future , dr. stone explained .
all we know is that in addition to their request for building supplies and heavy equipment , malmstrom has requested additional tanks , artillery , and some weapon they call the , northern lights , captain walker revealed .
we play cards in addition to franklins readingecho joins in too , until the cycle of medicine and pain wears her outand even though ive only just met these people and my paranoid fears of betrayal and disaster loom unmolested , for that one day i feel more like part of a family than ive felt in all the days since farmington .
in addition to any material advantages , its proximity to the z-line has probably helped keep the looters and crazies away .
in addition , the loss of key battles caused dwayne to lose his authority and eventually , his seat as king .
in addition , he was a famous warrior , and a feared killer of italys greatest armies and high-profiled leaders .
this consisted of telepathy and most notably ; telekinesis , which enabled them to hurl knives and other objects , in addition to unlocking doors by simply using their mind .
with over six hundred and five thousand people under his rule , in addition to thousands of associates , dwayne was ready for any confrontation .
in addition , she began to feel the strain of living in the shadow of a parent who was well-known and well connected .
martial vartanian , you are certainly a warrior of great prowess , evidenced by the caste which you bear , and are thereby due all the additions which that caste merits .
`` no i do n't expect you to live past the next minute or so , but your gauntlet will make a nice addition to my already indomitable power .
the simple beauty found amongst the multitude of docks and piers shifted from the rim a welcome addition to his mental escape .
in addition , she had styled her short hair into a chichi wave , and touched up her eyes and lips with a little make-up .
`` according to our last scan , before losing the mysticnet feed over razum , all twenty one razum guardians were accounted for , in addition to teuton traiken .
in addition , when not illuminated by rhythmic waves of light , the walls and floors swirled with a dark material accented by a subtle mixture of gold and silver glitter .
in addition to the provider telling him to trust these people , the intensity of the moment had evoked an undeniable bond .
in addition , i was merely making sure that the voice of our people was heard , that we need the heir , white sage , reynhart added with smug sarcasm .
in addition , since the wetware also repaired dna strands the life span of the average human increased dramatically .
in addition they wanted them to establish a training program for pilots for the new star javelin ship they had created .
each addition to their arsenal made them more effective and allowed them to dominate the battlefield far beyond their limited number of actual troops .
that would give them a total of three large attack ships in addition to ship and ten bashers to attack the base and its defenses .
a mid-tier addition to the interface let team commanders of any size , meet in a mini war room that displayed a 3d model of their designated area of responsibility so they could relay information to their team members and keep them apprised of changes as needed .
in addition to kings law enforcement , the marshal service also performed rescue operations for downed pilots and assorted stranded scavengers .
the march of their chaotic army left hundreds of their own kind strewn behind them , stomped unconscious in addition to numerous broken bones .
in addition to having obliterated all of the infected who had gathered there , the first grenade also erased the pumps and most of the roof above them as well .
a proverbial rocket scientist , a surgeon , and a pilot were all additions that could better the lives of everyone with their skills , so the people received them as good fortune .
in addition to multiple sets of main doors that connected directly out to the sidewalk , there were some small stores and a sandwich shop as obvious locations of interest .
in addition , the reason you are important is that you spent so much time before even those deals were made collecting information to use against an enemy that had not made himself known yet .
in addition , the vehicle was equipped with phase detection technologies which provide constant global positioning feed in order to quickly and efficiently detect and surmount the transition between this world and the next .
almost immediately , diaz continued , a second soho unit was commissioned , an exact clone of the first , with a few minor adjustments to the stage two rockets and the addition of a few more instruments to her payload .
in addition , he was not carrying his magic enabling spell staff ( or m e s s. ) the lack of this item was to prove critical in upcoming events .
i am able to compute simultaneously in four dimensions and thus i am able to create three additional sets of time in addition to normal time .
in addition , nessie has requested that the plane should wait for another 24 hours at loch ness so she can obtain supplies of glenfiddler scotch !
william goldman , the princess bride october 7 , 2052 9:22am est subject : jessica saylor purpose of recording : addition to library of congress quantum mechanic archive records .
united states army nurse corp retired active duty : officer specialty 66h medical-surgical nurse enlisted : august 12 , 2018 operation persian tiger 2019 - 2023 battle of istanbul 2024 - awarded silver star for heroism sinai bionuclear conflict 2026 - awarded mediterranean conflict medal , awarded purple heart 75th ranger reg advanced medical and biotechnology unit of the darpa research and engineering joint initiative 2026 retired reserve 2048 purpose of recording : addition to library of congress quantum mechanic archive records category : related quantum mechanic metadata source : first person dictation transcribed by marcus lillian , federal bureau of investigation begin transcription ml : ok you can begin whenever you want .
united states army nurse corp retired active duty : officer specialty 66h medical-surgical nurse enlisted : august 12 , 2018 operation persian tiger 2019 - 2023 battle of istanbul 2024 - awarded silver star for heroism sinai bionuclear conflict 2026 - awarded mediterranean conflict medal , awarded purple heart 75th ranger reg advanced medical and biotechnology unit of the darpa research and engineering joint initiative 2026 retired reserve 2048 purpose of recording : addition to library of congress quantum mechanic archive records category : related quantum mechanic metadata source : first person dictation transcribed by marcus lillian , federal bureau of investigation officiator note after agent vox returned yesterday , we spent the afternoon assembling secondary and third level references corroborating captain bowlin 's narration .
in addition you can claim that it will take some time for you to fully assemble your new evidence and find a suitable advocate .
in addition to paying for your crime , you deserve to be starved because you have insulted your kindly prison warder !
in addition , as a special reward for bravery , if he succeeds , convict jake may use the time machine to return to 1952 .
however , prior to that very likely event , on the successful conclusion of this enterprise , in addition to the other offers i will also arrange a celebration supper !
in addition to being large , he was also much paler than julian , who , like the lexingtonians had bronze skin with deep brown hair that grew in tight curls .
kicking free of the tangle of sheets and stumbling to the door , betrix made last moment additions to her list : tie on the floor , leather belt , briefs , a baseball bat in the corner , she had missed that earlier .
in a previous post , i teased the fact that the world of ayden has silicon-based life in addition to the sentient plants that inhabit the planet .
in addition , the quantum changes were not limited to ones and zeros like today 's digital computers .
in addition to regular clothing , rei had the super-exotic version of a gortex jacket as well as an ample supply of underwear and socks .
in addition to the transit , rei also brought along eating utensils , a polymer mug , a ceramic knife and an all-purpose tool kit .
and , yes , aason and lupe acquired all of these abilities from their parents in addition to all the other advancements within the vuduri .
now part 3 : in addition to all of this , rome was slowly but surely transforming their utilitarian flying home into a showplace worthy of mention in architectural design although rei was fairly certain that magazine did not exist any more .
when rei and rome flew into the `` lion 's den '' - the vuduri compound on the eastern shore of asquarti - the vuduri elect not to kill her because she is bearing a child which should be a welcome addition to the overmind there .
in addition , several of his genes have been modified with a protein interlace , a triple helix if you will .
in addition to the foremost one that it was chained to the floor it appeared to be incredibly heavy .
a trial run would make her more comfortable and he wouldnt be worried about her anxiety over the trip in addition to the need to find dexter .
its a national landmark , with a collection of over 15,000 pieces from colonial america , including a selection of the stones from the attempted garvey heist in addition to the archived records collected and kept by thomas meeks .
in addition , dexter being away from home without explanation seemed to be okay with his wife , as long as he was with jeff .
which was in addition to the 90-minute conversation shed put him through the night before once hed finally woken up from his time travel-induced coma .
in addition , the room was darkly lit with a midnight blue glow , so to trust his eyesight alone wouldve been presumptuous .
in addition , she was carrying abbys tablet over her shoulder , though she kept it under her coat to minimize its movement .
it was tough going , especially because there was a fair amount of normal tourist traffic in addition to the lines .
in addition to cheerfully and patiently waiting for unknown ages to see how this series unfolds and finally ends , you may wish in the meantime to read an already completed full-length novel .
in addition , im able to monitor the other organizations out there who also want to discover people with special powers .
any deviations or additions to these measurements not communicated by us would mean that the rebel group would be approaching earth .
the new addition to our dwelling is merely pretending to be asleep , brynna said , her mind is wide awake , as are her ears ; she has listened to this whole conversation .
its not like we can put a bet on it , and i can give you money , because my female mind does not understand the intricacies of addition and subtraction , so i am not allowed to have my own money .
the constant hours of indulging in his habit would have killed him anyway , but the addition of the rat poison was all his overworked heart could stand , and it had simply stopped beating in protest .
im still not used to reconciling my human half with the robotic additions gifted to me by the healing hands department of the restoration project .
i can hear pride in her voice , and i know that she will be a lot like jenica , who is proud of her bionic additions .
sir , we have two new additions here whod like to be added to our team , dax says , only to be shushed .
if jenica and the others report to me that you are a good addition to the team , i see no reason not to allow it .
if anything , he says , his fingers gripping mine tightly , the additions to your body give you character .
the skin around where the cap has been bolted to his head is red and enflamed as if the addition was recently added .
most of them have an original addition or two that they received when they signed up for the healing hands initiative .
she hates her bionic additions and fears the day when the bionics will be rounded up and well , at this point , we have no way of knowing what the government will do .
he has been working on wind turbines in addition to helping to install solar panels when they come in with the out-bounders .
a few recent additions to the church still wore more ordinary clothes , but they made up only a tiny fraction of the crowd .
now cavainna faced two , a third tearing its way towards her , in addition to the master of the nihilists and his fairy companion .
and in addition to being able to survive , the potable water and supplies they had packed were now the most valuable currency in the southwest , which could buy her way out of a sticky situation down the road .
dr. nachman spoke , okay , everybody , well have plenty of chances to examine the new addition to our group , but i think we need to back away before somebody frightens him into doing something rash .
the ship left with all hands , and they were to return with the same head count , except perhaps with the addition of the decapitated head of the fugitive traitor maximilianus gunnarsson .
they could hardly understand traveling from one location to another with a large stick , but the addition of time travel made it all the more confusing .
if a lycan clan leader encountered a normal whom he felt would be an excellent addition to the family , and if that normal agreed to the change , an addition was made to the already ample numbers in the clan .
the old mage , being quite satisfied with his addition to the conversation , went back to puffing on his pipe , much to the chagrin of those close by .
in addition , ariel supposed that over the years she had become rather good at unconsciously shielding what she was .
youve been doing a fine job with my account and i should have been glad to have you as an addition from the start .
it goes without saying that herr mozart will receive no addition to the fee if he can not meet these terms .
and when finally you got hungry and went to the mcdonaldburger place and bought a mcdonald 's hamburger , it was the one they sold you last time and the time before that and so forth , back to before you were born , and in addition bad people-liars-said it was made out of turkey gizzards anyhow .
he felt like laughing hysterically at the old folks ' priorities ; not only did a burned-out freak upstairs night after night beat up and threaten to kill and probably would soon kill a young girl addict turning tricks who no doubt had strep throat if not much else besides , but in addition to that- as he drove luckman and barris back north , he chuckled aloud .
the ashtray , as always , overflowed ; the crewman probably assumed no one would notice the addition , and in another few moments it would have cooled .
and possibly in addition that raw gas washing down the cylinder walls-if it goes on long enough- will wash the lubrication away , so your cylinders will be scored and permanently damaged .
in addition , the manufacturers , though not required to , maintained an exhaustive ship 's record of every part originally on the plane , and who had manufactured it .
in addition , the list instructed mechanics to check the nearby proximity sensor , its coupling , cover plate , and wiring .
after all , you 're not needed here , and you 'd make a darned fine addition -- `` theremon looked at the other wearily .
in addition , he has never been able to form associations with other children , or , as he grew older , with other men .
for years , in addition to my regular scientific work , i have been privately investigating the cells of my patients suffering from inhibition death .
in addition to the entrance at the base , there was another entry on the upper story , a pair of glass doors opening into empty space .
`` in addition , '' he rasped , `` we have a lady cop with a rich father who will help me take over earth , if he wants his little girl back in her present shape and form .
in addition to the slugging pull of the hyperatomics of the shooting starr , there was the unimaginable attraction of the sun 's giant gravitational field .
in addition there were dozens of moonlets , ranging from some hundreds of miles in diameter down to insignificant rocks .
it was only theory that brain cells , in addition to their ordinary electric potentials , radiated another sort of energy altogether .
i suppose there are a few million air-borne spores of various virulent diseases per cubic centimeter in addition to that . ''
in addition , the proteus is nuclear powered and we will be able to trace its radioactivity , also cross the gap .
in addition to the corpuscles , there were smaller objects ; flattened plate-like affairs were rather common , for instance .
but in addition , the general graininess of the universe becomes much larger as we become much smaller .
the screen was lit up , and it said : `` today 's arithmetic lesson is on the addition of proper fractions .
zammo continued , 'in addition , it is obviously impossible to learn anything of value concerning the brains , physiology and chemistry of these animals without dissection , dietary experiments and drugs .
in addition , it will make a more effective bribe , it seems to me , than anything you 've yet tried .
actually , all jobs in a gurrow grouping - where a 'job ' is defined as regular work , the fruits of which adhere to others in addition to the worker himself - are divided into two classes : one , voluntary jobs , and the other , involuntary or community jobs .
the presence of a nitro group ( -no2 ) in addition has not yet been confirmed , and no evidence as yet exists as to the nature of the hydrocarbon nucleus , though an at least partly aromatic structure seems certain of solution of thiotimoline quantitatively met with considerable difficulty because of the very negative nature of the value .
the fact that the chemical dissolved prior to the addition of the water made the attempt natural to withdraw the water after solution and before addition .
both the instant of solution - at which time the transmission of light is recorded by a photoelectric device - and the instant of solvent addition can be determined with an accuracy of better than 0.01 % .
c - the value of the ph is characteristic of the nature of the ions present in the solvent , varying with the ionic strength of the solution and not varying with the addition of other ions .
paul went on , `` in addition , think about what people would say when they find out you 're capable of manufacturing human-looking robots ?
in addition to the strong nuclear , there is the electromagnetic , the weak nuclear , and the gravitational , with intensity ratios of 130:1:10^-10:10^-42 .
the government has invested too much money in the project to let you go before you have had your chance to make it practical , so that it will repay all that has been spent - and more in addition .
he would push her into another man 's arms and hate her for being pushed - and be jealous in addition .
in addition , he became aware of a total cessation of the brownian motion , that faint tremble he had grown so used to that he was able to ignore it - until it stopped .
in addition , city traffic control reported an aircar lifting off from the position almost immediately thereafter , flying faster and higher than allowed for by ordinance , but accelerating to that speed rather slowly . ''
it was the addition of status that brought the little things : a more comfortable seat here , a better cut of meat there , a shorter wait in line at the other place .
what a trifling addition to the convenience of the apartment an activated washbasin was when for thirty years previously the trip to personal had been an automatic and unregarded one .
we would be worse off than we are now , for i would not only be accused of being an underhanded intriguer , as i am now , but , in addition , of having behaved monstrously toward an unsuspecting woman whom i had pretended to befriend , something i have so far been spared . ''
but even on aurora , which is no solaria , every human being is insulated from every other human being by the kind of space extension unthinkable on earth and by a wall of robots , in addition .
davan was swarthy and had the thick black mustache of the dahlite male , but in addition he had a stubble of beard .
surely , the addition of davan could scarcely count against the full force of the dahl sector , but , then again , he commanded a number of people who might create enough confusion .
in addition , you can work all the harder on psychohistory , for the emperor will be there with you , heart and soul . ''
`` if you assume that i am a robot , then you can see for yourself that by first law i could never abandon him , unless he ordered me to do so and i were , in addition , convinced that he meant it and that i would be hurting him more by staying than by leaving . ''
so in addition to a feisty new black court partner in the war dance between the council and the vampire courts , i also got angry lust bunny movie stars , deadly curses , and a thoroughly embarrassing job as my investigative cover .
in addition to the police , and probably an ambulance , a bunch of fire trucks were about to show up as well .
`` - slay the wizard that has a full quarter of the red court quaking in their fleshmasks , restore a rebellious employee to acceptable controls , and now , in addition to all of that , i have acquired someone with influence among the local authorities . ''
he had n't thought of it that way , but in addition to all the death and destruction , midnight was about to become something public , something less special .
`` and from the perspective of those in need , that extra quarter of a million bucks your material person spent on the prestige addition for his house looks like an awful lot of lifesaving food and medicine that could have existed if the jerk with the big house in the suburbs had n't blown it all to artificially inflate his sociogeographic penis . ''
i could not be sure how nat felt , or if he understood that in addition to her having an emotional relationship with him she was also employing him as she employed everyone else around her .
in addition , i did similar work for the other members of the group , including tending various animals that they owned , such as cows , goats , sheep , chickens .
in addition , he had instructed that the bulk of his estate be put into a fund to be administered by mr. sipe for the girls ' benefit , and that at their twenty-first birthday the fund be turned over to them .
in addition , i would have to actually live on the various ranches , and this would defeat the whole purpose of the job .
with the addition of conventional and draped aerial photography , infrared photography , and artificial aperture side-looking radar , the total information available to erts exceeded two million images , with new input on the order of thirty images an hour .
but given that it 's only a block or two away from the heart of second city , the addition of trees and homes made it feel more like a park nestled down at the feet of the city .
it was n't a fortune , but it sure as hell would be a nice little addition to my earnings in the investigation business .
heavy contractor 's plastic had been stapled to the wooden studs to keep the wind off the addition .
one of the sliding glass doors that had previously led to the back patio was open , and on the other side was a lot of bare wood and plastic-the addition michael was building .
they acted like i was a moron , kept saying computers only add - even when they 're multiplying it 's only series addition .
the last substance , a relative of cohoba with an extra nitrogen addition , had ignited her mind , transported her into a weird consciousness .
`` this , in addition to giving us our analysis of built-in misfunction , this little 'ox ' we 're driving will provide a three-way energy interchange . ''
`` aural sense data '' `` linear accretion of information '' `` latent addition adjustment '' `` closed-system matching factor '' `` 16,000-year memory dropoff '' `` total sense-quality approximation '' `` internal counting mechanism '' internal counting mechanism , he thought .
and in addition i saw one time a human ostrich ... that is , long spindly legs , a feathered body , then naked neck up to -- '' `` that 's enough , '' tibor said , too unwell to listen to any more .
because brute-force computers broke codes by examining cleartext for identifiable word patterns , harne proposed an encryption algorithm that , in addition to encrypting , shifted decrypted cleartext over a time variant .
strathmore 's covert addition , in effect , meant that any code written by skipjack could be decrypted via a secret password known only to the nsa .
i 've got gitana blood in me , gypsy blood ; we gitanas , in addition to having red hair , are very superstitious .
in addition to the thirty-two foot mahogany table with the nsa seal inlaid in black cherry and walnut , the conference room contained three marion pike watercolors , a boston fern , a marble wet bar , and of course , the requisite sparklett 's water cooler .
multiple fail-safes for phone and power were buried in reinforced steel canisters deep underground , and in addition to the feeds from within the nsa complex , there were multiple backups off main public grids .
`` in addition , we 're going to have guard stations between sectors and a regular search procedure .
in addition , the two men had had sharp disputes about setting up the production lines in ireland and malaysia .
in addition , the courts look to see if the employee ever told the supervisor the behavior was unwelcome , if the employee complained to anyone else about the relationship or tried to take any action to evade the unwelcome situation .
he continued : `` `in addition , a cost-savings review generated important fiscal benefits in a number of areas .
and , in dubious addition to them , occasional peculiar entities remained in the virtually abandoned suburbs .
and , in addition , under the car seat where it could not roll and break , a bottle of chablis wine knocked back and forth : the greatest rarity of all .
in addition , this android stole , and experimented with , various mind-fusing drugs , claiming when caught that it hoped to promote in androids a group experience similar to that of mercerism , which it pointed out remains unavailable to androids .
for some reason it did not surprise him ; it only made him feel worse , a quantitative addition to the weight shrinking him from every side .
it had not been difficult , because mr. austurias had sponsored all manner of little radical student groups devoted to peace with the soviet union and china , and such like causes , and in addition he had spoken out against bomb testing , which doctor bluthgeld advocated even after the catastrophe of 1972 .
mrs. tallman said , `` it would be fitting to elect mr. harrington to an honorary public office , such as president of the west marin governing citizens ' council for instance , or as clerk of the school trustees board , that , of course , in addition to the park or memorial and the brandy and cigarettes . ''
sarene paused slightly at adien 's addition , but the rest of the family paid him no heed , so she did likewise .
in addition to explaining the situation , it would be able to answer most of their likely questions , argue certain points , and demand specifics if their response were too vague .
there it was : `` full stealth , '' she began , the mellifluent syllables of dkinza mvakk hidden in a babble of pig-latin additions .
their only addition to their new craft was a package of tactical software , awesome military code that filled jack 's processors with sizzling confidence , devious stealth , and a gleaming new measure of independence .
in addition , five guardian acolytes , bred and trained by the sisterhood for physical violence , stayed close to taraza .
in addition to the pilot , any person that the pilot is touching will get pulled along for the ride . ''
`` in addition to the trained members of our society that we 'll send back with you , '' the woman said , `` there 's also a local hystorian already living in the vicinity of most of the breaks .
`` i rounded these troublemakers up for you - they 're desperate for money , and i know you 're probably looking for some last-minute additions to the help . ''
most rediscovered animals were rather recent additions to the fossil record : ten or twenty thousand years old .
the dinosaur will then finish the victim off at its leisure-making dilophosaurus a beautiful but deadly addition to the animals you see here at jurassic park . ''
something that caused the people around him to cringe , scream and flee as they saw his short-sleeved armored shirt that was covered with light bombs , ammunition clips , four blasters ( in addition to the one in his hand ) , his rappelling gear and all the other `` just in case '' things he carried in addition to his backpack .
caillen moved to it while chayden did his best to outmaneuver their newest addition and hauk tried to blow their enemies out of space .
in addition , the fact that the church lies within the city walls makes for an excellent disputation , as the tomb of jesus would have been outside the city . ''
arnie paced about the big front room of the lewistown house which he maintained in addition to his apartment at union hall , hands in his pockets , scowling .
he could n't imagine where she 'd been hiding these things , but she now held a short dagger in addition to her spear .
in addition , biogen maintained forty thousand square feet of nondescript shed space in an industrial park two miles away .
the promoters might make proteins that switched off the animal 's own genes , to allow the new addition to take over .
on terra at the un capital city , cheyenne , wyoming , in addition to those in pow camps , there existed a herd of captured , defanged reegs , maintained on public exhibition by the terran military establishment .
' '' and in addition the ovaltine you 've been drinking - `` ' 'i was n't going to say precisely that . '
in addition he wore a drab-gray uniform and she knew what he was : a member of lilistar 's secret police operating on terra .
'christ , here 's this tragic , complicated mess , this sick man barely making it through the day with the weight of the world , of terra itself , on his back , knowing he 's losing the war , knowing the reegs are going to get us if by some miracle lilistar does n't c and in addition he 's got mary on his back .
he should receive some cash settlement for the watch in addition to the medication the flashing box , declaring its message , was extended by the female reeg toward the man ; he halted , frowning , then shrugged .
both of them were younger than me , some of the most recent additions to the white council 's military-slash-police organization .
i clenched my physical jaws shut and focused on the image-me , briefly wondering just how badly cracked my engine block was going to get by trying to keep track of my own personal internal reality in addition to the actual , threatening reality where rawlins and i were in deep trouble .
perhaps , in addition to existing only in my head , she was all in my imagination , kind of a waking dream .
`` yeah , but- '' `` in addition , '' she continued , `` you are exhausted , and it is reasonable to assume that crane will finish his negotiations shortly and turn you over to one of your foes .
march flips a few switches , and i can hear a new hum in addition to the engines and the ominous rush of wings growing ever closer .
`` hon said they make trade runs to other outposts in the outskirts , in addition to hijacking corp freighters . ''
`` there are a few formerly class-p worlds that have reached the correct level of technology to be considered for addition to the conglomerate .
in addition , he needs to be here to come to terms with the smugglers , and more ships arrive every day .
get me those results as quick as you can , in addition to the scans you performed on the salvage you retrieved .
in addition to our classroom time , we spend hours in the workout room , practicing our hand-to-hand .
`` in addition to the armada , '' dina says thoughtfully , `` we could use a police force to punish the guilty for those crimes we 're unable to prevent .
i 'm already bored , in addition to tired , beyond filthy , and hungry , so i sit down on the pristine floor while vel communes with the machines .
in addition , you will have offered an insult to the reputation and integrity of the archive-which i will take personal action to amend . ''
in addition , mr. kenner spent a number of years advising the pentagon and in fact was so involved with them that he even underwent some sort of training for a period of time . ''
it was morton 's original sheet , now with additions to it : 662262 3982293 24fxe 62262 82293 terror mt .
in addition , prior to 1989 , adjectives such as dire , unprecedented , dreaded were not common in television reports or newspaper headlines .
in addition , by most accounts , king gavilar originally ignored these strange , self-sufficient parshmen .
thinking was hard now , even simple addition slowed by constant thoughts of eddie , but he found he could do it if he really tried .
in addition , his forehead had been split by the rock against which it had fetched up , and the right side of his face was drowned in blood .
according to lewis bornheim , a crisis is a situation in which a previously tolerable set of circumstances is suddenly , by the addition of another factor , rendered wholly intolerable .
in addition it had a center-mount homans infrared multispex camera as well as the usual electronic and radio-detection gear .
a year or so later a young man she was dating more or less regularly began taking her down to the village , where some of the young ( and mostly white ) folk-singers who performed there had added some new and startling songs to their repetoiredsuddenly , in addition to all those old wheezes about how john henry had taken his hammer and outraced the new steam-hammer ( killing himself in the process , lawd , lawd ) and how bar'bry allen had cruelly rejected her lovesick young suitor ( and ended up dying of shame , lawd , lawd ) , there were songs about how it felt to be down and out and ignored in the city , how it felt to be turned away from a job you could do because your skin was the wrong color , how it felt to be taken into a jail cell and whipped by mr. charlie because your skin was dark and you had dared , lawd , lawd , to sit in the white folks ' section of the lunch-counter at an f.w .
in addition , some of those who best served the empire-merchants and laborers-were systematically robbed by a hundred hands in their pockets .
in those days , sydenham was a pleasant suburban area of fine homes and open fields , and the crystal palace made an excellent addition to the neighborhood .
in addition , we know our man is a seafaring person , so we may suspect his crime has something to do with the ocean , or dockyard activities in some way .
in addition , it was a place where `` personal history is at a discount , and good memories and inquisitive minds are particularly disliked ... . '' and if it had its brutal side -- - butchers were fond of plucking poultry while it was still alive -- - it was also pleasant , with gaslit streets , elegant mansions , bejeweled women , and social pretensions of its own .
flame tender , a recent addition to our planet , will be here to give us a more personal account of the settling of fire world .
it was a seiko quartz lc with a built-in calculator below the digital face twenty-four tiny buttons that would allow him to do everything from addition to subtraction to square roots .
in addition , summers suggested , the jaunt had been used by various tinpot dictators to get rid of political dissidents and political adversaries ; some thought that the mafia had their own illegal jaunt-stations , tied into the central jaunt computer through their cia connections .
a circled paragraph read : in addition to its headquarters in palo alto , where ingen maintains an ultra-modern 200,000 square foot research laboratory , the company runs three field laboratories around the world .
and in addition , the skin was extremely unusual , it seemed to be a sort of bright mottled green , but there was something about it ...
it included three sandwiches , a bag of chips , a banana , and a carton of yogurt in addition to the wayward apple .
nancy lived in the first street house until 1988 it was commonly believed even by scores of mayfairs that she was really stella 's daughter ) in 1891 , the first street household consisted of remy mayfair , who seemed years older than his brother julien , though he was not , and was rumored to be dying of consumption , which he finally did in 1897 , julien 's sons , barclay , garland , and cortland , who were the first mayfairs to be sent off to boarding schools on the upper east coast where they did well , millie mayfair , the only one of remy 's children never to marry , and finally , in addition to julien and mary beth , their daughter , little belle , who as already mentioned was slightly feebleminded by the end of the century the house included clay mayfair , mary beth 's brother , and also the unwilling and heartbroken katherine mayfair after the destruction of riverbend , and from time to time other cousins during all this time , mary beth was the undisputed lady of the house , and it was mary beth who inspired and carried out a great refurbishing of the structure before 1900 , at which time three bathrooms were added and the gaslight was expanded to the third floor , and to the entire servants ' quarters , and to two large outbuildings as well , one of which was a stable with living accommodations above it .
in addition , his conversion to dr. passim 's enthusiastic nonsense-the miracle of flying had of course been achieved by technological means-was a strategic fraud , designed to lull the cardinal deeper into his grand dreams .
astonished , the three couples who comprised the hovel 's inhabitants in addition to himself stared at him .
halting , he located in his coat the side-arm which had been provided him ; there were , especially at night , in addition to the fearsome telepathic jackal , vicious domestic organisms that stung and ateche flashed his light warily , expecting some bizarre multi-armed contraption composed perhaps of slime .
it was made of hardwood , probably mahogany , and brass ; it would endure a long time and in addition he knew that his future self would never abandon it .
`` first built on this site by john d'elthaim in the eleventh century , with several later additions .
`` chip , dearie , this is a sweet number , a walking symposium of miracles that 'll curl the needles of your gauges and , in addition , give new life to the firm , which it badly needs .
in addition , five of the beds are double , assisting those of you who wish to sleep with each other during your stay here . ''
`` the industrial , research installations adjoining these living quarters , '' miss wirt said , `` keep several doctors on standby , and in addition there is a small medical ward with beds for the ill. '' `` coin-operated ? ''
`` tell me , sir , '' a newsmanish voice said , `` in addition to working for glen runciter , did you and these other employees also know him personally ?
and in addition , it changed channels : images flitted past , of one thing and then another , until at last the mysterious agency was satisfied .
and , in addition , if runciter were alive , then not one but two runciters existed : the genuine one in the real world who was striving to reach them , and the phantasmagoric runciter who had become a corpse in this half-life world , the body lying in state in des moines , iowa .
this version of los angeles , that is , complete with the occasional continuity glitch or made-up addition . ''
still , it was good he was here , because in addition to the missing angi ; , there was also no sign of dodee sanders .
13 in addition to the picture of the sermon on the mount with his safe behind it , there were a great many plaques on the walls of big jim 's study , commending him for various acts of community service .
in addition to cheapass groceries and beaver-books , brownie 's was one of three agency liquor stores in the mill , and the pd had keys to all three .
those who do know him would have said , before today , that he was a real addition to the community , taking his turn at umpiring softball games in july and august , helping out with the middle school book drive in september , and picking up trash on common cleanup day just two weeks ago .
24 in addition to roger killian and the bowie brothers , there were ten new officers from what was now the chester 's mill hometown security force sitting on the bleachers of the middle-school gymnasium , and big jim had only gotten started on his speech about what a responsibility they had when the fire whistle went off .
in addition to the odors of smoke and decaying animal , he could smell rotting plant life and a swampy stench that no doubt arose !
in addition to this , there was a dark keyhole shape , quite large , floating on the left side of his vision .
in addition , the dark keyhole shape floating on the left side of his vision had shrunk to a ball the size of a marble .
she 's as shocked as the rest of us , of course , but in addition , i 'm sorry to say that she herself has a serious drug-dependency problem , as a result of a fall and her consequent use of an extremely addictive drug called - ' 'i have n't had anything stronger than aspirin for days now , 'andrea said in a clear , carrying voice .
in the funeral parlor , the rnost recent additions to the roll of the dead begin roasting in their metal lockers like chickens in a dutch oven .
in addition , he was forced to expend a lot of resources keeping his army strong in case of a hallandren assault .
`` that 's right , '' tonk fah said , `` but , you forgot to mention that in addition to being honest , we 're also clever .
`` well , in addition i feel that my partner 's daughter , who is the prime mover in all this , is a dangerous ex-psychotic who can only be said to be as hard as iron and utterly without scruples . ''
in fact he seemed to redouble his efforts ; he answered letters about organs and spinets , arranged shipments from the factory to every point in the pacific northwest and down into california and nevada and new mexico and arizona -- and in addition he threw himself into the new task of designing and beginning production of the simulacra babysitters .
and in addition , i had my own personal experience with him -- or to be more exact , with his simulacrum .
it was n't like i was worried about collecting a few more dents and dings in addition to the dozens already there .
in addition , i have seen rogues of interuniversal renown fail to gain admittance to even discuss their membership with the secretary-on one memorable day i passed a famous financier , in company with the head of the hy-brasail mafia and a preeminent prime minister on their way down the back stairs with the blackest of expressions upon their faces , having obviously been told not even to think about returning .
`` and i am , in addition , an expert on geographical features from tulsa , oklahoma , to timbuktu , '' continued professor mandalay .
the library sector was a great place to do just that-and i was perfectly aware that in addition to an extensive cross-referencing system , the library had a full set of census reports from nearly every world we had access to for the past hundred years , some of them organized by person .
he had , in addition to this passion for the hunt , one truly precious trait which separated him completely from lesser killers .
like all demons , he had a good memory for faces , even after ten years , the loss of a wimple , and the addition of some rather severe makeup .
in addition to which , every couple of months crowley would pick out a plant that was growing too slowly , or succumbing to leaf.. wilt or browning , or just did n't look quite as good as the others , and he would carry it around to all the other plants .
in addition to the police there were also approximately two hundred others standing around , and inspecting the m25 through binoculars .
it is good for wind and the ague , and it is , in addition , a gentle soporific , which has the curious property of causing one who tastes of it to speak nothing but the truth for several hours .
in addition to the captain and meggot there were five other members of the crew , a disparate bunch who seemed content to let captain alberic do all the talking , which he did , with his ale-pot in one hand , and the other hand alternately concerned with holding his stubby pipe and conveying food into his mouth .
in addition to digging up wen shen , gong su had spoken with the captains of the chinese ships ; all the vessels had subsequently weighed anchor and maneuvered , awkwardly , into places around the potentate , evidently with the design of providing her some protection .
placet said with a sigh at dyhern 's addition to their party , though he outweighed an elephant handily and could have taken several more passengers without any real trouble .
`` how clumsy they are , '' laurence overheard one of the dragons murmuring to another , not unjustly : the russian infantry were not even skillful at mounting their own dragons , plainly as yet uneasy with the entire business , and often tripped over one another in their haste to disembark even without the addition of acrobatics .
the japanese restaurant had gone out of business and had been instantly replaced , in the way of london restaurants , by a hungarian restaurant , which had kept the conveyor belt as a high-tech addition to the world of hungarian cuisine , which meant that rapidly cooling bowls of goulash , paprika dumplings , and pots of sour cream made their way in stately fashion around the room .
in addition , they were more beautiful than the women of dominica , and they were better cooks than you would find anywhere on earth .
people kept clapping fat charlie on the back , and buying him drinks with umbrellas in them ; in addition to which , he had now collected five business cards from people in the music world on the island for the festival .
`` and now , ladies and gentlemen , we are proud to introduce the newest addition to the lucky horn family .
`` in addition to containing the transmitter , the serum stimulates the amygdala , which is the part of the brain involved in processing negative emotions-like fear-and then induces a hallucination .
i tell her that there is important information in the erudite compound , in addition to all the knowledge they possess , that especially needs to be recovered .
we will then all do those jobs on a rotation schedule , in addition to the other duties that have traditionally been performed by the factions . ''
the tip of skylar 's tongue was poking out of the side of his mouth as he concentrated on some addition and subtraction questions i 'd written on a piece of paper .
he winced at my voice with the addition of a curled lip to show his distaste , the latter of which i did n't like all that much .
jacanda , who had naturally taken over as leader of the girls after we lost teetru ( a surprise , i would have guessed gaal or maybe packa , but jacanda was really good at it , the girls took to her and settled very quickly ) , took quixa under her wing and was delighted with the addition .
in addition , the mission objective , nicknamed the `` football , '' had to be discovered and secured .
in addition to the quaint port , the other prime attraction to the island was the cliffs of glacial point .
in addition to the purchase price , he had been forced to take out a large loan to convert the aged research vessel into a modern salvage ship : adding a hydraulic cargo crane , upgrading to a five-ton capacity a-frame , and overhauling the caterpillar marine diesel engine .
near the stern , jack noted new additions to the flight deck : three large cranes and winch assemblies .
with these new additions , the total number of individual glyphs is now over five hundred , and the list of compound glyphs has grown into the range of ten thousand .
`` in addition , we 've employed anna fong so we can communicate with any natives of the region : peasants , indians , trappers , whoever .
in addition to the two o'briens , he shared the space with professor kouwe , richard zane , and anna fong .
olin pasternak scowled at the beast , then mumbled under his breath and turned away , clearly unimpressed by the newest addition to the team .
in addition to the weapons , each of the three teams had been equipped with one of the rangers ' short-range saber radios , to keep in contact with one another .
nate and his father remained in the entrance , while kouwe explained about the addition to their team and what they had found below .
in addition , geneticists were flocking to study the tribe , to investigate the alterations to their dna , both to understand how it had been achieved and perhaps to discover a way to reverse the species-altering effects of the yagga .
each marked additions and extensions built as the menard clan had grown over the past century and a half .
in addition , the dock housed cassandra 's command boat , a hydrofoil capable of rocketing to speeds in excess of a hundred knots .
under the auspices of sigma , painter had personally requested the man 's addition to the who team .
most of the guild 's work now rested a thousand feet underwater , a new addition to the deepwater home of the predatory squids .
in addition , the military museums associated with the fortress-the norwegian resistance museum and the armed forces museum-were being readied for the visiting groups , as were the lower sections of the castle itself , where guides would lead tours into the ancient dungeons and dark passages , sharing the stories of ghosts and witches that had always haunted the gloomy fortress .
in addition to the one on the island , two submarine volcanoes had begun to boil the seas , spewing lava along the seabed and building steadily higher .
tucker 's dog squirmed forward , sniffing , wanting to get the scent of the newest addition to their pack .
he was not what most women would consider handsome , with his shaved head and stocky but muscular physique , but he still could make her melt with his smile and she 'd never met a man with a bigger heart , a heart that only grew larger with each addition to the household .
it unlocked before he touched it , triggered by the tiny glass-encased rfid chip implanted in his upper arm , another bodily addition like his magnets .
once she was secure , monk and duncan had headed to the central district of the small port town to retrieve the final additions to their team .
clyde straightened from his work , wiping a bloody cloth across his latest addition to the tapestry that was duncan 's body .
in addition to being a fine mechanic , amos was the one who used explosive surgery to crack open the icebergs floating around saturn and turn them into more manageable chunks .
in addition to snoopy , she spotted the one they called stumpy because he or she could n't be much over a meter and a quarter tall .
in addition to hillman and travis , she had a green private named gourab on this particular patrol .
`` we do this thing clean , and i 'll talk to my opa people about putting a few credits in your accounts in addition to getting you offworld . ''
in addition , mei meng had decided she was funny , and spent part of each day monopolizing her attention .
in addition to snoopy , she spotted the one they called stumpy because he or she could n't be much over a meter and a quarter tall .
in addition to hillman and travis , she had a green private named gourab on this particular patrol .
`` we do this thing clean , and i 'll talk to my opa people about putting a few credits in your accounts in addition to getting you offworld . ''
in addition , mei meng had decided she was funny , and spent part of each day monopolizing her attention .
in addition to bringing whatever unclassified news and information we can , we will also be conducting interviews with the command crews of the ships , civilian leaders on the thomas prince , and live musical performances .
`` i have n't been able to try our new dosing on the current subjects yet , and with the addition of myka 's dna , i think the implant integration process will go even more smoothly than before .
part-human , part-machine , and while both of his systems have integrated and work together , they 're still separate , like with most cybernetic additions people have installed .
`` in addition , '' the droid went on , `` for a very reasonable fee , encryption-locked safes are available in every room .
this is already looking like a train wreck , and in addition to chewing up a few hundred colonists and scientists , which is bad enough , it will also be my fault when it all falls apart . ''
`` in addition to the energy spikes , there are twenty heat upwellings that we 've seen so far , '' he said , pointing to the rendered sphere of new terra on havelock 's desk display .
in addition to murtry and amos , four rce security personnel stood around the room with drawn sidearms pointed at amos ' back .
at least a half dozen newbies in addition to the original four , and there were more appearing every second behind those , a veritable army of fireflies emerging in the dark and all moving toward him with a kind of bobbling motion that made him fear the people holding them were running .
in addition to his inner circle of one hundred sixty true believers , pilcher was responsible for the abduction of six hundred fifty people , all of whom , himself included , he 'd put into suspended animation .
not far ahead , in addition to the screams of what sounded like a massive abby swarm , she heard movement coming her way-limbs breaking , sticks snapping .
in addition to standard equipment like a flashlight , a compass , a pocketknife , a magnifying glass , a whistle , a mirror , and various snacks , seth had retained the gaseous potion from the hotel .
in addition , she probably has help from christopher vogel by now , and i would wager that she is still inhabiting tanu .
those had been carved elsewhere , then placed here when this room was built-a recent addition , to replace the tents that dueling preparation had once happened in .
`` that , in addition to trespassing in the prime 's palace , '' darkness said , reaching the door .
a payment made in addition to the sum initially charged , usually given voluntarily , and the top piece of something .
in addition , i believe that 'the tip ' means something in the slang of the soldiers , and so the man in the joke thought she was going to cut off his- '' `` yes , thank you , '' shallan said .
in addition to all the official reports , there was a fair amount of swooning and gossiping from the many fangroups that had sprouted in the wake of carswell thorne 's new celebrity status .
the thaumaturge had only bothered to have thorne tie his hands in front of him , but this girl had binds all down her legs , in addition to having her wrists fastened behind her and the gag over her mouth .
the addition of a new adjective combined with the bow slightly lower than usual made the hair prickle on the back of her neck .
`` of course you would have , in addition to showing him your many other fine qualities , '' she said , blushing as she set a reminder on the portscreen to go off four times a day .
the adult creatures did n't fit up here , but the beasts made a nice addition to the stewpot when they caught them .
they dropped their dishes in the galley , where a thin man glared at the addition to the washing-up pile .
on the surface , that seemed like a generous offer , but dred knew grigor had more space in addition to having the largest standing army in perdition .
so by the time he turned around , in addition to being frozen in place , she was a little bit dizzy .
in addition , the unrelenting pressures of the educational system back in rendezvous had ensured that there was very little time left to students for such frivolities as sexual experimentation .
`` in addition to your own personal feelings , you were being bombarded with a lot of what i was reeling .
`` in addition to the fact that it costs three times as much to ship that way , quench was n't sure it would really buy him any protection .
in addition the heavy atmosphere was overlaid with a distinctive , unpleasant odor that caused cidra to wrinkle her nose as she stepped inside .
if overcash had a birth name in addition to the one he 'd chosen , he had n't bothered to dispense it when he had been introduced to cidra .
in addition to the simple white garments , these ghosts appeared to have a golden band around their furred wrists .
in addition to focusing and concentration , she would need a certain amount of coordination , cidra supposed .
in addition to the hazy nightmares he saw fleeting images of her gentle touch , the cooling baths , and the soft warmth of her lap as she cradled his head .
this latest addition to the sabon canon { or cannon } at least begins to acknowledge that most of her books feast off of the carcasses of other historians .
my sole addition to the text consisted of fleshing out one or two scenes where janice 's descriptive powers deserted her , but only in cases where i had been privy to the same information .
and the addition of those twelve warlord princes serving under cassie 's hand meant their fighting weight was equal or better to anything theran could send against them .
that recent renovation was a very large thorn in mrs. beale 's side , and he had the feeling that the negotiations required before she accepted that addition had just begun .
in addition to feeding me , the old people provided me with clothing ; my own had n't been very good in the first place , and had become badly worn during the course of my journey .
in addition to our own labors , we frequently traveled to the lands of our allies to see what progress they were making .
in addition to the malloreans , torak 's army also included murgos , nadraks and thulls , and those were the units that were bearing the brunt of the algar attacks .
like all cavalry units the world over , the algars carried short bows in addition to their lances and sabers .
the addition of the boisterous , red-haired wildantor turned our little reunion into an extended party , and i was enjoying myself immensely .
the cottage had been there for eons , of course , but the barns and sheds were durnik 's additions , and they gave the place the appearance of a sendarian farmstead .
in addition to the tithes i received from my vassals , there were extensive estates which i owned outright , and killane advised me that about a quarter of the entire duchy was exclusively mine .
chamdar 's got access to a lot of gold , so he can hire spies in addition to the dagashi who 're probably standing at every crossroads from val alom to sthiss tor .
they found the emperor in the blue-draped sitting-room on the second floor , and in addition to baroness melidere , emban and oscagne , three of his wives , elysoun , gahennas , and liatris were also present .
'they are many , sir kalten , but four - in addition to zalasta and ogerajin - are most significant .
'in addition to cyzada , zalasta and ogerajin have allied themselves with ptaga of jura , ynak of lydros , and djarian of samar , ' xanetia continued .
vanion 's small atan detachments were streaming into the staging areas along the atan border from all over tamuli , and tikume had promised several thousand eastern peloi in addition to the three hundred bowmen kring had taken with him back to atana .
the addition of the peloi had greatly increased the amount of stores that had to be carefully depleted each 'night ' , and danae made her father help her dispose of the excess .
chapter 15 the addition of a dozen female atans added to the subterfuge of a courtly gathering on the hilltop , although it was difficult to persuade the atan girls that their faces would not break if they smiled or that the gods had issued no commandment against laughing .
'now , ' he went on , 'in addition to a cherek fleet in the sea of the east , we 're prepared to line the northern and western borders of goska and the northwestern border of araga with algar cavalry and drasnian pikemen .
because it was winter , she wore in addition a sable coat which would have cost a fortune in tol honeth .
in addition , he is a scholar of some note and hath recently turned his attention to the study of geography .
his sudden acquiescence seemed wildly out of character , given his angry protests at the additions of velvet and sadi to their party .
in addition , general varana was present as the representative of emperor ran borune xxiii of tolnedra , and sadi , chief eunuch of the palace of queen salmissra of nyissa , was also in attendance.the burial of an alorn king was a serious matter , and it involved certain ceremonies at which only the other alorn monarchs were present .
ehlana 's attendants , appropriately , were , in addition to sephrenia and mirtai , the kings of western eosia and , oddly enough , platime , stragen and talen .
flute took outrageous advantage of the fact that as danae she already knew stragen , platime and mirtai in addition to her mother .
the descendants of sparhawk have always been gifted men , and in addition to their pandion training , they have also received special instruction in statecraft and diplomacy , the better to prepare them for their hereditary task .
the knights of the four orders all received training far beyond that given ordinary warriors ; in addition , they were given instruction in the secrets of styricum . '
the addition of a sharp metal point was a recent development that had appeared during the trogite invasion , and that in turn had led to the extension of the trogite shield .
the addition of the balcony surrounding the miniaturized replica of the probable battlefield gave them the ability to see the entirety of the region in much greater detail than narasan had ever previously encountered .
rabbit noticed that the village had more than doubled in size since he 'd last been there , but most of the additions appeared to be temporary .
`` your grace , '' brendig said delicately , `` in addition to my duties in one of the king 's own regiments , i also have the honor to hold a baronetcy .
in addition to looking into the past theft , philip flew to boston and stood beside her as she followed her gift tracking the painting around the city .
in addition , i am an excellent candidate for secretive undertakings because i am fairly independent and '' -i hesitated , then forged on- '' somewhat reclusive . ''
behind dylan was a credenza , on which i observed a new addition to the chamber : a charming copper teapot .
by now we 'd reached the pub 's back wall , which was covered with heavy walnut paneling-an expensive addition to such a lowly place .
in addition , i 'd collected a sample of the dirt at the window and was taking it home for analysis .
now in addition to worrying about my friends being attacked , i was panicking that i was going to break my neck by falling off the back of a horse .
the inn was a sprawling three-story structure of pale stone , the biggest that sansa had ever seen , but even so , it had accommodations for less than a third of the king 's party , which had swollen to more than four hundred with the addition of her father 's household and the freeriders who had joined them on the road .
our domain shall include all the stark lands north of the neck , and in addition the lands watered by the river trident and its vassal streams , bounded by the golden tooth to the west and the mountains of the moon in the east . ''
in addition to being well born , young ser balon was valiant , courtly , and skilled at arms ; good with a lance , better with a morningstar , superb with the bow .
`` at present , we have four prisoners on the first level and one on the second , in addition to your lordship 's brother . ''
the coatrack was a new addition to the foyer , one that had caused a fair amount of contention between the march siblings .
it was bigger than the capital building , even with its additions , taking up more city blocks than justin could see .
in addition to making him feel like he was made of that spun-sugar stuff that kids ate at the anchorage summer market , it had also distorted his vision so that everything around him was edged in color .
levana did n't want to bother with glamouring her dress today in addition to her face , not with so many other thoughts in her head .
when i take in the people surrounding us , i notice that in addition to those who are here just to see me , there are others .
and armed to the teeth : she had dumbo 's m16 in addition to the hefty sniper rifle hanging from her back .
the decor of the window had been augmented sometime since by the addition of a large jar of colored water , in which floated something vaguely humanoid .
`` so-the main provisions of the settlement are as follows : mr. fraser agrees to pay to miss mackenzie the sum of five hundred pounds in compensation for distress , inconvenience , and the loss of his conjugal services '' -jamie snorted slightly at this , but ned affected not to hear him , continuing his synopsis- '' and in addition , agrees to maintain her household at the rate of one hundred pounds per annum , until such time as the aforesaid miss mackenzie may marry again , at which time such payment shall cease .
`` however , the island of hispaniola is not a coral atoll but is basically volcanic in origin-with the addition of crystalline schists , fossiliferous sedimentary deposits of a considerable antiquity , and widespread deposits of limestone .
as he leaned back to allow mr. bodley to tuck the napkin under his chin , though , he noted a new addition to the room 's decoration .
i called on dr. fentiman in cross creek on our way , and was able to buy several necessary instruments and a few medicines from him to refurbish my kit ( this at the cost of a bottle of whisky and of being forced to admire the latest addition to his ghastly collection of pickled curiosities-no , you do n't want to know ; you really do n't .
in addition to bread and lemon squash , he saw , it held several apples , a large chunk of cheese , and a packet of chocolate biscuits .
as for yours ... in addition to captain stebbings , there is a cargo aboard the teal in which ye may have an interest , as well-six cases of rifles . ''
but in addition to these small local meetings , there were larger bodies , the quarterly and yearly meetings , at which weighty matters of principle were discussed and actions affecting quakers in general were decided upon .
we ate that night at daniel morgan 's fire , and the company-filled with chicken stew-raised cups of beer and hooted to toast the addition of a new member to their elite corps .
the letter was a draft-she could see that at once from the crossings-out , the marginal additions , words circled with question marks .
one or two had the rudiments of a uniform , but most of them were dressed in homespun , though with the addition of the bizarre `` liberty '' caps , tight-knitted woolen affairs that fitted over the head and ears , which through john 's watering eye gave the men the bluntly menacing aspect of animated bombshells .
i detected the basic male animal , very appetizing in itself , but he seemed to have acquired a rather unusual-though savory-bouquet in addition : a faint whiff of sausage , the strong bitter scent of cabbage , and ... yes , mustard , underlaid with something oddly spicy .
a wise choice , as it turned out : in addition to their pay and the odd damaged cask of salt fish or biscuit , being on the docks all day allowed them first-and cheapest-choice from the fishermen coming in with their catch .
we were making our way-slowly-up to the house site , carrying several bags of nails , a very expensive small saw , and a plane that jamie had brought back in addition to the deer .
in addition to the exchange of medical information , transports will start twice a day , water going one way , food going the other , the mayor providing additional vehicles along with the answer 's carts , as well as soldiers for protection to make the exchange .
looking down , i can see now that , in addition to the source , it is the two of the clearing who were here before , the noisy man with the darker skin- and the knife 's one in particular .
on each call to new orleans he left his fertile wife with the seed of a new addition to the family .
glass noticed that in addition to the missing eye , the scot was missing a significant portion from the tip of his nose .
in addition to the animals , the courtyard held a large machine for pressing pelts , an anvil on a cottonwood stump , and a teetering pile of firewood .
heller had also been curious to hear that the shroud , in addition to being a photographic negative -- and this was long before photography would be invented -- possessed 3-d characteristics .
with the heels and purse , and especially with the lovely addition of her grandmothers rubies , they all had to admit the only thing lacking to complete the perfect picture of a princess was a crown .
in addition to loud explosions in the distance she could hear the growling and panting of enormous beasts which were chasing her .
im sure stacy means well , but , in addition to this being none of her business , he viciously directed these words at stacy , she isnt really thinking clearly about whats best for everyone involved .
anyways , i found out that apprenticeships a dudfake and phony just like me and taffy thought all along in addition to that baddie new .
starbuck plantation holds a government issued license for field cultivation and animal breeding , in addition , the farm is allowed to raise kittens and puppies , selling them to prospective clients , who live and work in the local residential biospheres as home pets .
in addition , you hot dog the joy stick controls and scraped the landing gear at take off and landing while hovering unstable in the fair skies over the landing platform .
ifan a horse shows up in your life , it means to examine the aspect of travel and freedom in addition to being able to infuse your physical body with energy and endurance , this animal guide also has the ability to transport you to ever-higher levels of awareness argus concludes watching the beast gallop beside the teens .
tina gasps nosily noting the new addition of tillys wardrobe which are financial contributions of mella and drake as she eye burns the silver long-sleeved tee with scoop neck and jeweled sequined patterns of flowers in the center along the leaf petals outlined in silver on tillys 36dd chest paired with the plain solid black denim skinny jeans on her long legs and a new pair of cowgirl boots covering her naked toes .
not that it 's a big deal or anything , '' i added quickly , not wanting to sound like i was groping for another similarity between us , in addition to the static thing .
i cautiously raised my head to look around and saw that one more of our people had fallen , in addition to dr. stuart .
in addition to writing , brenda is passionate about embracing life to the fullest , to include scuba diving ( she has over 60 dives to her credit ) , taekwondo ( where she recently achieved her 2nd degree black belt ) , hiking , traveling , and pursuing new experiences and skills .
there were about 60 boys and girls there at the time , but numbers changed quickly due to adoptions and new additions .
the kids crowded around the intruder , who , in addition to being enormous , was wearing a red-leather harness that fit like it was custom-tailored .
baird stalked back into the room , unhappy with the addition to the party , and placed his hand on blues shoulder .
the people in front of the mansionmen wearing tuxedos and top hats , and women in long brocade and taffeta dresseswere a curious addition to the historical view and left no room for doubt regarding their whereaboutsit was the 19th century , and the lite were attending a ball in the beautiful mansion .
the only other noticeable difference that the small barrio had over the span of many decades was the streetlights , and the addition of large rocks to the main road which had leveled off over the years and gave the impression of a stone road .
instead , there was what looked like a fork made of three prongs -- the middle one spiked straight while the other two also spiked up with additions of a downward spike that resembled that of a fishhook !
the gothic style windows and spires made the building seem old but they were obvious additions from a later time .
in addition to advising the chief , he was in charge of various training sessions for young rats , and torus had spent many dull afternoons learning clan history and nesting etiquette and innumerable other things .
later that day , maelnar was back in his study and was again addressing the same faces from yesterday , with one addition : his only son , breslin , was present .
noticing that he had acquired quite a few new books and pieces of literature from the zweigelans cave , he decided to catalog the newest additions to his traveling collection of books and scrolls .
strapping daggers , chisels , hammers , and various other tools to both their belts and their baldrics , the two brothers retrieved the final addition to their gear : their primary battle axes .
in addition to what i could only describe as her lifelong hatfield and mccoy-esque feud with all kitchen appliances , she had a pretty demanding job .
i always figured they sort of saw me as an outsider ; an unnecessary addition that came along once they were set in their ways .
she was the newest addition to st. bartholomews physical rehabilitation center , and bubblier than shaken up mountain dew .
in addition to this , there was not a hint of despair , nor anger , in any of the faces i gazed upon .
in addition to her vast knowledge of plants and herbs , she was a wise observer of human behavior as well .
overcome with pain , kaelah barely realized that , in addition to the loss of her family , friends , and home , it would be unrealistic to stay in the valley by herself .
raven was proud of brumal , and in addition to showing her the hunting meadow , he gladly identified birds and plants that she had never seen in the valley .
in addition to his pointy nose and slanted eyes , he had a quick wit that he used to charm the ladies .
one wields the knife kate used earlier in addition to his club while the other circles around , behind asher .
the only other noticeable difference that the small barrio had over the span of many decades was the streetlights , and the addition of large rocks to the main road which had leveled off over the years and gave the impression of a stone road .
instead , there was what looked like a fork made of three prongs -- the middle one spiked straight while the other two also spiked up with additions of a downward spike that resembled that of a fishhook !
a few guests turn , staring at us with their ostentatious masks , just to ignore us altogether , as if we are nothing , but a mere addition to the already dazzling room .
in addition to your regular clothing , you will receive one bathing suit per year and one pair of shoes per year .
in addition you will receive a small allowance for your services at the end of each week so i suggest you use it wisely . ''
though id never been a suck up before , the previous night i had been unable to fall asleep for worrying that someone else in my family , in addition to dad , would be taken away to a f.a.t center , and had decided i would do what i could to get on loris good side .
this goes on to sprinkle the rest of my arms and with a few additions , i finally get a chance to look at my shoulder and there is no scarring as i think , but an intricate picture of the sun .
in addition , any similarities between characters mentioned in this book and actual people is purely coincidental .
unlike you and donovan , i have to go out on the field and risk being killed by brandon and vincent in addition to the cats or vampires . ''
in addition to the witch , a festival guard stood just below her in the doorway of the booth , blunt golden hair swept up from his brow like a candle flame .
if you would like to share this book with another person , please connect to your device store and download an addition copy for each recipient .
in addition to this feeling , he felt a wave of agitation and anger rising to the surface the result of the day coming together .
in addition , akira faced prosecution for hiding the fact that he was an advanced tier key a key with an ability that warranted caution as well as monitoring .
he had gone from having three very average kids to having seven , two of the new additions being special needs and mentally ill , another one of them being a general pain in the ass .
the oldest one was never around enough to know much about him , therefore making him my favorite new addition to the family .
azar replied breezily , without even bothering to point out to harry that the name only became lazarus with the addition of the el .
in addition , the study found 828 fish species previously unrecorded in these ocean waters , raising the total number of fish and organism species for coral island and the surrounding reef habitats to 1 , 072 .
he grabbed a cup , opened a pack and poured it in , then with the addition of hot water he had apple cider on demand .
she assumed that he had seen the native man she attacked in addition to what she had done to the crewman .
in addition to the flashlight , the scavenging trip also netted a somewhat rusty can opener , some plastic cups , a small box holding thick thread labeled floss that they didnt understand the purpose of , and bottles of pills that expired in 2018 and 2019 .
somewhere within the woman before her lurked her little sister , the innocent blonde with pigtails , the one she had taught addition to , the one she had curled up with at night .
her and chuck plan to open a viewing area for our newest addition , and you get to talk to folks and their kids about the horses , their babies , ridin , and such .
after breakfast later , why dont you two take some of the posters into town and let folks know about our new addition .
hortense added , we have many benefactors , in addition to arturo gomez , who help fund this program , many who suffer from depression and have gone through earlier programs not nearly as refined as what we have now .
this elegantly finished addition gave the weapon a very balanced look ; clearly stating grace and nimbleness as well as power and strength .
a good quality boy from a lesser family could be a strong addition to our numbers , as you were , jackson , aspen rattled on .
the average of the citizens scores , in addition to the councils scores , and of course petunia and petals scores , will be calculated .
in addition to the usual harley , kennie , and me , weve attained avery , permanently attached to harleys side , and jackson and his girlfriend , ksenia .
in addition , i wondered why this people cant say a sentence and not mention mr. dan , if they continued i would be tempted to leave them .
in addition to their elemental powers and angelic singing voices , undines pure undines , not half-breeds like me possessed an unearthly beauty that had a dramatic effect on humans .
in addition to her writing , vrinda also does freelance proofreading and editing , and tutors gcse / a-level english .
she was surprised to see that the others had taken on bodies just like hers , and that there were new additions to the family .
win , or else table of contents chapter 1 high hopes chapter 2 ill tell em , coach chapter 3 a late addition chapter 4 half a win chapter 5 rebuilding chapter 6 surprises in store chapter 7 another surprise chapter 8 put out the fire chapter 9 homecoming chapter 10 a difficult lesson chapter 11 win , or else chapter 12 most valuable chapter 1 high hopes foxville was anxiously looking forward to football time .
one of the new additions in the locker room , noticed by all , was the signs placed all around the room .
that very action having been achieved with a grunt and the slightly intrusive addition of a spine in a most awkward position , they continued forward , moving up and down with the line of sand dunes , ever attempting to catch up to the others .
in addition to developing cures for some of the worlds most infectious diseases including the ebola and tunguska haemorrhagic fevers pathgen also cited close links to usamriid ; the united states army medical research institute of infectious diseases .
the most recent addition to the building , according to the website , were the dual aspect professor alan cuthberts wings forming the cross piece of the buildings t in honour of the lead director who died in the tragic accident of 2012 .
your responsibilities in addition to the language studies will be to assist in navigation and hopefully we can learn from each other . ''
they had been discussing their options , but in reality they were simply receiving the report from don the great , for he had assumed command of the palace guards in addition to their military .
those of the red would seem most interested in trading for the iron and brass you produce , and have available much timber and grain in addition to their royal spring for trading . ''
heather requested the addition of a supply of ale , for it had been long since those of the forest had enjoyed a glass .
it was the king 's pronouncement that don the great would assume control of the palace guard in addition to the military that caused him the most concern .
i have broken plenty of laws before , and i dont mind the addition of perjury to the list if it secures victory for us in this case .
i dont trust this group anymore with the addition of the raging man and the accusation he brought against me .
crewe doesnt wait two seconds before he issues more thunderous thumps on the door , with the addition of screaming his brothers name .
in addition to treatments being illegal now , any natural conception of a multiple when one child has already been born to the mother or the father is terminated .
i wonder if he only thinks that now that he has found out that the latest addition to sheridan is sydney harter .
as she approached , she saw that in addition to an assortment of bruises , his eye was swollen and his lip split .
we were told that there werent many changes to the interior besides touch-ups , repairs , and a few modern additions .
if that sounds like something you would like to explore , you can subscribe to our timbuktu at : our timbuktu ( http : //ourtimbuktu.wordpress.com/ ) about the author in addition to writing computer game scripts , book prefaces , speeches , journal articles , and seven books on psychology , i also wrote screenplays for many years .
this author knows her stuff and was able to weave an exciting tale that involved the technical side in addition to the personal side of racing drivers , the teams and the rivalries that are ever-present in motor sports .
eric looked at the word on the paper and also smiled as he answered brackets , of , division , multiplication , addition , subtraction , sir .
in addition to his extraordinary armor , from his broad shoulders he wore a long , white fur cloak made from the skin of a wendigo .
in addition to any important messages , the headmaster will put any rule changes , any event or activity notifications , and he also puts any urgent quest parchments out here to make them more noticeable .
a bunch of warriors , in addition to his two friends , were gathered around looking at the quests he was pointing out .
so , although i may not have had the scrawny body frame to properly be a rogue , the headmaster has allowed me to teach here for so many years because i have real rogue experience , in addition to a completely fit physique .
in addition , he had placed a magical barrier around the city , so that no one could get out of the town in any other way .
in addition to the quest , back at the academy , dagdron was a little surprised to see how passionately earl was taking his classes .
lea was n't scared of just payton , she was also scared of trying to use the new addition to her technique , spear strike .
at that moment , lea decided to use a little addition to her attacks , and that addition , were feints .
one minute into the fourth round and lea seemed to be taking control of the match because of her new addition to the spear strike .
she took out a screwdriver , opened the inner workings of one of the phones , and made some personal modifications including the addition of a device shed brought along .
she took out a screwdriver , opened the inner workings of one of the phones , and made some personal modifications including the addition of a device shed brought along .
but this time , in addition to the standard unseen helpers malachi jones was going to be encouraged with an earthly helper , someone he already knew - belle .
but in addition to prom dresses , the city also offers abortion on demand at three different clinics . ''
in addition to family , we also ran into other teams that actually patrol and go on hunts in other parts of the city .
we recently had nicholas move here from another area , and i think that he would be a welcome addition to your team .
those unique abilities and qualities are why i think that nicholas here will be a great addition to your team , my grandfather said , catching my attention .
to link 's surprise , the addition of lights had done little to alleviate the overall creepiness of the empty hallways .
in addition to the grief of losing birdsong , treefrog felt a terrible burden for the surviving villagers .
soon we were running five miles a night , then nine miles , in addition to longer runs on saturdays .
in addition to the broken leg i 'd gotten playing , i tore my acl doing something stupid a few weeks after that championship game and pretty much wrecked my chances of ever getting to play football again .
in addition to giving his son 's friend a first taste of command , he intended to allow his newest spearmen to benefit from any battle spoils .
as the large bonfire crackled and popped with the addition of fresh fuel , a thousand different thoughts rattled around my mind before i became conscious of both gellica and nadalie looking down from their sleeping spots high up in their trees .
i parked next to a hummer in front of his mansion with all sorts of windows and dormers and additions .
in addition to the evidence i had suggesting that dan was a weirdo , i also just had a bad gut feeling about him .
i ducked below the surface as one came close , knowing that they would lift me inside to save me and notice my new addition .
i followed nevada and lainie through the expanse , taking in the familiar shops and noting a few new additions .
i sighed , knowing that it would be annoying now that lainies object of obsession would be within the same vicinity - in addition to her object of utmost hatred .
i subconsciously reached for the green angel charm hed bought for me as an addition to my bracelet .
in addition to the two bass kick drums sitting on the floor , there was a third drum twice as long as the others , making an uncommonly deep boom .
his designers had included an addition which provided him with a variable array of choices when it came to voices .
in addition to the garbage there were several boxes of electrical components haphazardly strewn about that hed already double checked .
in addition to his athleticism , greg enjoyed the attention from many of the girls he called friends and many that would combine the words girl and friend sparking inner circle fights amongst the schools prettiest and most desired .
in addition to providing his talent to the loan sharks when they collected their payments , min-jun was also fond of fighting , just to fight .
shinwoo spent a lot of time in the studio , in addition to his room , playing the piano and listening to music .
sams mother often worked in the fields , too , in addition to helping to run the household , but recently she stepped down in favor of her daughter-in-law .
i learned how to play classical guitar , in addition to already having had piano lessons since i was three or four .
in addition , they had been contacted by k-entertainment via their fathers friend , and that company wanted to take over the manufacturing of the product .
ji hu and leo teased mac that south korean girls would soon be wearing blue contacts , in addition to sporting those silly headbands .
in addition , there was some old camping gear , a boxful of christmas decorations and his mums special crockery which , to ryans recollection , had not seen a single meal .
as the newest addition to the faculty , i have been given the honor of welcoming you all here to the rosewood academy for academic excellence .
but before we do , i just want to give a shout out to the newest addition to the rosewood academy for academic excellence .
true , it was not very large , perhaps fourteen by ten metres in total , but the addition of an extra half storey that sat about the kitchen , and what was presumably the bathroom , really helped to add some character to it .
it was a busy week for angelina , with her homework mounting up in addition to her tuition and hockey practice .
in addition , angelina had found out on the monday that she had been put in to take her standard attainment tests ( sats ) early and had been given some past papers to look over .
in addition to me only doing interviews in the summer , cora had told the media that i would only answer questions over the phone .
all of them dressed in their navy blue and white uniforms ; the only change today was the addition of navy blue or cardinal red cardigans , signaling the change in temperature .
i needed to put this all out of my head and go back to the way things used to be between him and me , or how they should be with the addition of seth .
take whatever you want , but make sure you know how to use it , he instructed while strapping on his own guns and filling a second backpack in addition to the one he was already wearing .
in addition to the typical stuff any room is supposed to contain a bed , a chair , a table with a pc on it ( sided with an oblong football ) , slightly aside stood a refrigerator which , in joshua case , was more of an attribute to certain independence than a device serving to preserve foods freshness .
the school doesnt have extra money for fancy school textbooks , such as physics or calculus along with any addition highly prized high school instructors , much less exceptional sporting activities that supports male or females with physical handicaps .
and , im pissed that i wont get another sweet kiss , tonight , in addition having to start the courtship process from square one .
on solicee the additional characters , in addition to the numbers one through twelve represented a total of twenty four digits .
well if we could train them to fight , they would be a good addition to the battle on our side , ellina said .
the videoconference unit was big and bulky it had lots of room for sensors in addition to the conferencing camera .
in addition , there was a definite cackle along with what could only be described as a rolling snicker .
in addition to the chandeliers , hundreds of free-floating golden and silver wizard lights sparkled like hovering stars , twinkling across the full length of the ballroom .
in addition to my fathers library , the keep had a central wizard library to which women were prohibited entry .
for example , in addition to the things you already saw , things that elios probably should have kept secret , we can heal our bodies , we can prevent major illnesses , and we age gracefully .
before my eyes , there was the little waterfall i had immortalized , framed by the green of the foliage and the white of the mist , with the pleasant addition of the sound of crashing pebbles and birds singing in a tree .
in addition , you can see the video has a timer at the bottom that will record the passing of one minute .
then sven slowed down again , rationalizing , `` in addition , when the politically correct person hears 'directional drilling ' mentioned in conversation , he does not negatively respond to such an innocuous and vague term he passes over it without giving it more thought . ''
in addition to building on the original family business in aviation that started in the 1950s , ruth had diversified shortly after the new millennium .
in addition , he had just started a third round of expensive champagne while sitting in lavish first class on an expense paid intercontinental flight .
in addition , she always double-checked her expectation just prior to the kill this could be especially important on christmas day .
ruth had suggested to him that , in addition to a typical teen birthday party , he should also plan a celebration of his ukrainian heritage : january 7 was christmas day in the ukraine .
in addition , wessel was hardly young now : he could be dead by then , and sven could think of no reason to fear dead men .
`` in addition , if the general gets involved by phone after this happens , '' continued theresa , `` then i will personally denounce their behaviour to him complaining that i brought the camera along because wessel himself personally assured ruth he had nothing to hide ; as in 'our intentions are honest what about yours ' ? ''
in addition , ruth could have taken a right turn heading north : she would have been out of sight by the time mantis had made a dangerous u-turn attempting to follow .
chapter 26 : mantis aurica same day , earlier in addition to being bad for her psyche at the best of times , this crappy weather also presented an element of fear in mantis because she had to drive through it .
in typical dream murkiness , the details were already fading , but , lying back , i contemplated the latest addition from last night the woman had spoken to me .
in addition , four years previously , william had temporarily become guardian of the three siblings after their parents had mysteriously disappeared during a hunting trip into white pines national park .
in addition to continuing all the classes i was taking in high school , there was geology , poetry , astronomy , and literature , one after another .
phoenix enterprises managed to acquire two such talents in addition to jeremy while psi-tech employed five with several european companies employing several .
in addition to standard machine-to-human electronic transfer , the new brain plug would also allow a wilizy warrior to voice-talk or mind-talk to any other warrior , provided they both were wearing their braided ring computers and were within range of each other , the ship , or one of will 's repeater stations .
this evening , in addition to guns , gun oil , brushes and swabs , the table held a bowl of raspberries that yolanda was sharing with hank .
monday morning 's trip home was slowed by the addition of four large books in the transportation sling carrying will 's lead-lined box and the pup .
the girls listened to sandy describe the new additions to the camp : the new concrete ramp that was installed on the beach to help kids in wheelchairs get into the water , the new baseball and soccer equipment donated by a local business , and an air-conditioned cabin for kids with respiratory illnesses .
with brandel came gwenel , and with the fourth addition to our side of the group , we officially became the outcast minority .
in addition to that , there was an ornately detailed armoire , a black vanity with a zillion toiletries displayed over a lace cover , and a hematite bowl of clear water with a matching pitcher .
i tiptoed softly to the bathroom door and pressed my ear to the wood , because apparently , in addition to being a monster seeing psycho , i was also a snoop .
in addition to heart of ice and thunderstone , barbara has a few other novels in the works , including a thunderstone sequel .
in addition to your regular clothing , you will receive one bathing suit per year and one pair of shoes per year .
in addition you will receive a small allowance for your services at the end of each week so i suggest you use it wisely . ''
i have broken plenty of laws before , and i dont mind the addition of perjury to the list if it secures victory for us in this case .
i dont trust this group anymore with the addition of the raging man and the accusation he brought against me .
crewe doesnt wait two seconds before he issues more thunderous thumps on the door , with the addition of screaming his brothers name .
in addition to treatments being illegal now , any natural conception of a multiple when one child has already been born to the mother or the father is terminated .
i wonder if he only thinks that now that he has found out that the latest addition to sheridan is sydney harter .
i still havent gotten used to this ; reconciling my human half with the robotic additions gifted to me by the science and technology department of the restoration project .
i can hear pride in her voice and i know that she will be a lot like jenica , who is proud of her bionic additions .
if anything , he says , his fingers gripping mine tightly , the additions to your body give you character .
in addition to the day planner , address book , and notepad she had expected , there was also an account ledger , a checkbook , and two wallets .
natalie looked up from her plate at the new addition to the room and almost knocked over her chair as she stood .
perhaps , in addition to the securities needed to pay the debt , we should trade one or two more of them this way , the townspeople will not find it strange that we manage to sustain ourselves without the insurance money .
in addition to the weapons she usually wore , i.e. , her kanzashis , the mini-crossbow and the folding knife , she now carried two machetes attached at her waist and also the recurve bow her father gave her was on her back with a quiver of arrows .
in addition to that she wanted to earn at least a b in the class , and she knew that she had a lot of studying to do in order to pull up her f average .
she was beyond exhausted and hearing congratulations from one of her co-workers about the new addition to her family wasnt something that she expected to hear .
in addition to her nefarious excitement about the secret trouble brewing in pongoon , which opened opportunities for the pluran clan to gain power in matikki , today was the much-anticipated field trip to victory hill foundry for a demonstration of how weapons were made .
in addition to the three that you saw today , this particular set of archery tools is also blessed with a mile of mercy and the pulse of the heart .
in addition to healing her wounds and giving her visions , the keanes were parts of the ophidians that had become a permanent part of her .
first , he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air , where it went on turning and twirling , and in addition flashing and glistening .
diego , golden-skinned like his sister , with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyesas well as being aged twentyscaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse , lifting a hurling blade ( whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in , so that , once flung , it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to , and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose ) .
in addition , everyone that signs up for the mailing list will receive the first chapter of book two free !
in addition she has also traveled to chile , bolivia , peru , the british isles , the european continent , and mexico .
in addition to that , food is free during the entire celebration , and all provinces come to participate , serving their delicacies and specialties .
also , her golden tail , which , in addition to being gorgeous ( he had made a point of walking by the lagoon during one of her lessons ) , made her the obvious heir on okawii .
chapter 10 in addition to the celebrations for marriages and births , seven major feasts were observed on okawii every year .
by the end of her third year in the city , jillian earned her masters degree and completed not one but two plays in addition to the musical .
i couldnt picture up myself held captive and a slave at the same time in the hands of a nasty fiend and in addition to that suffering and groaning and writhing and weeping out like the world was coming to an end on my part , excruciatingly and viciously .
we are starved and hungry and we will not rest until our tongues thrash on his blood and our lips gnaw into his flesh and avariciously chop it up and our throats have in addition to that gulped it down .
its spinning its web quickly across the polished silver creating an almost curved addition to each point , changing its whole shape as the web and silver merge into one .
in addition , a large sign appeared on each property a wilizy public garden is opening this summer .
`` in addition to providing us with ample storage space , the prison could be a safe hole in case one of us needs to hide .
in addition , he covered each with a poison that zzyk gave him that would , at the very least , make the girl 's pregnancy nearly impossible to bear .
in addition , they will be granting eight of our college-bound seniors an extraordinary opportunity .
without a doubt , it was a picturesque addition to the rooms dcor , but there was something funny about the way it was situated .
i felt relieved there hadnt been any ceremonial additions to the service that the church was notorious for .
there are parenthesis , some rhymes with subtraction or addition signs between them and an equal sign at the end .
she tried to remain in the forested area because the trees provided ample darkness in addition to the extremely dim skies that were inexplicably concentrated over lynettes entire property .
in addition , though , i felt a strange sense of foreboding and vague suggestions of nightmare in the gloom .
in addition , i wondered why this people cant say a sentence and not mention mr. dan , if they continued i would be tempted to leave them .
a recent addition to the park was a small menagerie with some of the great creatures that had been freed from wilama and doomba .
in addition to brewing the potion , we also have to recite the spell that will enchant the liquid with whatever magical properties will open my perception to allow me to better use my sixth sense .
the new guy had indeed been assigned four extra artico guards in addition to his two destroyers , and they moved around him like sentries protecting a lost cargo of treasure , at times hiding him from view in their tight circle .
you 'd make a wonderful addition to his forces , you know , since you drank that wizard potion that made you so powerful . ''
in addition to giving people nightmares , the vampires have found a way to enslave the humans for their own purposes in order to gain power . ''
in addition to controlling anti-american sentiment across the globe , he also backs nearly every major terrorist state and organization known to man .
allan also carried a long spear , as a walking stick , in addition to the sword at his side and the bow slung over his shoulder .
they aligned their facets before fusing , multiplying in size and complexity with the addition of each smaller lens .
in addition to the bruises , and often on top of them , thomas had numerous cuts and gouges out of his back and arms .
after a few moments , a thick stone door swung slowly inward and the four coinsmiths filed in , wearing thick , protective clothing like that given to justin , with the addition of padded hoods with dark , glass visors and peculiar bib-like flaps into which they had tucked their beards .
talanthus had me train with them regularly , in addition to the private lessons he gave me , of course .
in addition , im able to monitor the other organizations out there who also want to discover people with special powers .
any deviations or additions to these measurements not communicated by us would mean that the rebel group would be approaching earth .
he called them real heroes , role models , shared the special times and moments they had shared , mentioned how angelic the new addition to the family had been and how they had all left a mark that no one else would ever be able to fill .
but now with aba having spoken about ninth grade , and book number 98 , and it all leading him into an uncertain future which , no doubt , included something called the avocadites , in addition to the frustration of a day spent spotlighting his social ineptitude , he stood in front of the class with steely composure .
in addition , she had included several papers explaining her intentions as a member of environmental friends a local non-profit organization that used its money and influence to preserve pemotas lakes and parks .
in addition to activities and sports , i also kept my grades up and did volunteer work , all the things i was assured would help me get a scholarship to a good school .
i looked around the crowded kitchen table , speculating about the newest , temporary addition to the household .
... but instead , or in addition , we see people , each with his or her own thoughts , dreams , and choices about what games you want to play in life .
but ive found that , in addition to a whole lot of practice , the more i pay attention and notice the truth about whatevers going on with me , the more those moments happen .
so , in addition to letting the teacher know the truth about what happened and apologizing to her , it looks like you will also be the chief pooper-scooper for 6 months after we get home .
for a start , they seem to be a far later addition to the book than the vellum-like pages theyre either drawn or printed on .
the only strange addition to her lovely gown was a holster that was strapped to her back and housed an obscure , thin object inside it .
sikorsky , the manufacturer , supplied a variant of this aircraft to the us military ; with the appropriate paint job and the addition of a pair of m60 machine guns , it was known as the blackhawk .
the raptor looked as though it had survived its trip with its temporary owner though , on closer inspection , will noticed the addition of a couple of small neat holes in the hull , each about a centimetre across and some similar ones in the superstructure .
my parents revelation about the tree definitely struck a chord within me , then with the addition of the drone strikes , yesterday was slightly traumatic to say the least .
the kings claws twitched with anticipation as he said this in addition to his love of drinking and fighting , his fondness for surprises was also well known .
in addition to surprise and ferocity , we knew that we had to move fast and take them down as quietly as possible .
in addition to the necklaces , there were five gold bracelets , five rings ( one with a respectable diamond , alone estimated at $ 1200.00 ) , and three nice watches : one black and gold movado and two tags .
in addition to the problems with not knowing their in-house operations , we spent hours discussing the different options we could employ to get inside the spot .
in addition , jammed tight against the back end of the bag , a large metal cylinder in gunmetal gray , stenciled with the words `` caution-explosive . ''
in addition to my future ghost , four other men were locked in with poodle and me , four other marks that were in a vault of their own .
beneath the picture i visualized a bottle of cool water cologne , in addition to , a pack of big red chewing gum .
he nodded at the cordwainer , sitting quietly on the tracks , that lesson is cargo on that train , in addition to those hoppers full of boots .
he forwarded somadina 's email on to maurice with a note saying , `` please get a hold of me soon , as we may have a more complicated situation here than you realized , '' and then sent maurice a direct message of concern and urgency , but not panic , which would refine the email in ways the mere addition of more words could not .
maurice had then suggested that the two coworkers from lola 's office whom she was closest to be invited also , and they had been such happy additions that for days they had thought about the dinner every time they saw lola .
in addition to performing her regular , very demanding duties at the hospital , she had volunteered to co-chair the committee organizing the huge event ; part of her strategy to become chief of anesthesiology .
in addition to the four stage performers , several bikini-clad dancers paraded around attempting to entice men to buy them drinks , pay for an individual lap dance , order a table dance for everyone seated at the table , or consent to a private dance in one of three champagne rooms .
in addition to the importance of national sovereignty , he describes quite interestingly what tv presenters call the bailout .
in addition , i would also suggest a mandatory rule demanding that the issue be automatically reviewed by vote every five years .
in addition , both the united states of america and great britain are donating plaques to express their gratitude in your helping to free thomas reeve and gloria cromwell .
in addition , the defense league , of which all the allied nations are a part , has agreed not to intervene in any matters of a political nature - nor to send troops into - member nations of the malsma confederacy . ''
we both preferred the m16a3 because of its fully automatic firing capabilities in addition to single shot and semi-automatic options .
the room had a small table and some plastic modular chairs in addition to a vinyl , two-seater couch .
but rachel , who had been dr. kearneys team nurse at the time , had pushed for simons addition , telling the previous head nurse simon was a natural in his compassionate interactions with the patients .
in addition to the snack bar , the first floor contained the lobby and admissions office , the morgue , medical records , administration offices , emergency room , radiology , and the pharmacy .
just like residents participating in medical rounds , the counselors had to recite the case histories of the new additions to the caseload .
smenkhkares comments were quickly becoming an irksome addition to their endeavours akhenaten could well do without .
in addition , he knew from history that when europeans first tried to find a way inside the structure , they had to use dynamite to blast through the stone .
in addition , just to cap it all , im stood on a mound of rotting paper in a tomb belonging to jesus christ !
in addition , i can assume he already knows you jtan , no longer work for him , and also that your companion is not on his side .
it was the long periods of inactivity , when movies were in post-production , and her job consisted of upgrades and minor feature additions , when andrea longed for more .
a royal occasion , like a coronation , a king or queens birthday , or an addition to the family , added kevin .
in addition to this , he realised that good fortune , as well as coincidence , had both played an active role in ensuring theyd made this much progress .
a brief glance at the words that scrolled onto the tv screen , in addition to his sympathetic attitude towards kevins state of mind , convinced him that his decision would not be contested .
in addition to this , my father was the type of barber who would try to force his own personal hair style preference on people , whereas most barber shop customers stubbornly seem to want their hair to look the way they personally would like it to look .
the roofless old tank , still covered with vines and moss , and un-retouched except for the addition of its light , became a celebrity , honored far and wide .
little was known about the magi in the empire , but claudio heard thatin addition to wielding magical powerthey served the fire-god athra and kept his sacred knowledge in their mountain enclave .
the aralim , in addition to their overt kindness , have a tendency towards bravery , and thus are represented by the kingly lion .
we are continually adding to the collection and sometimes there is a lag between an addition being acquired from somewhere in the universe and its entry into the system . '
it was a symbolic addition to their wardrobe , meant to teach them to guard their hearts , but it was also quite beautiful , fitting over their robes like a vest of embroidered gold and platinum , and representing to others what they had accomplished at the academy thus far .
just because you disagree with some of them politically doesnt mean the circle doesnt think youd be a good addition to the team .
in addition to increasing the amount of information that they put on the internet about the stranger both abi and pearl started contacting celebrities on twitter who boasted lots of followers .
mary ellen turned her attention to her brother while her father was focused on the newest addition to the family .
back then the townsfolk could rustle up not much more than an annual potluck dinner , but over time the steady addition of new diversions had made the festival the highest day of the year .
she had been busily playing hostess in addition to being an unexpected featured performer so i wondered if she would be pretty tired by now .
in addition to jillians parents , martin and annette , there were two other couples whom i did not recognize .
police suspect that at minimum three others are involved in the crime in addition to the three disguised thieves .
in addition to using our physic talents to bolster the phoenix fbi office 's investigative prowess , john also wanted to expand the physic talent pool available to him .
there was no reason not to conclude that the addition of new granules was changing pauline , and giving nemesis more of a foothold in her head .
while the other new girls remained drugged and chained to beds upstairs until they acclimated to their new life , michelle had quickly established herself as an experienced and willing addition .
in addition , the australian government has agreed to take the criminal gangs that were captured during the recent chaos .
in addition to being known as the father of chemistry , he was a renowned alchemist , astronomer , astrologer , engineer , geologist , philosopher , physicist , pharmacist and physician : a regular wiz-bang guy .
this , of course , is in addition to the mundane routine maintenance tasks required to care for the documents .
rather than off-load the trucks that night , the guards positioned themselves around the two moving van trucks , in addition to the armed guards that escorted them down from new york .
daniel was reminded of all that nadine was dealing within addition to being locked up with him in a barn she looked straight ahead at the wall between the utility sink and the toilet .
the clan included five children in addition to jed-iv , all girls and all of them older , taller , noisier and -- to young jed 's way of thinking -- far less adventurous .
if roy came up with the cash , philip lausaux could guarantee duvals acceptance by the uno , and in addition , would pass it off as an assist haiti scholarship .
one of the attractions of the flat , in addition to the security , was the fact that the buildings were grouped around a quadrangle which sported oriental gardens and small ornamental bridges over manmade ponds .
the same group sat around the table once again , with the addition of assistant commissioner evans .
in addition to the passport he also had a birth certificate , marriage certificate , library card for hounslow public library , a national insurance card and an e111 eu medical card .
millie said , yes with a few minor additions to the interior equipment specifications such as for example mounting of communications gear , holders and laptop stand .
in addition he had trampled on the constitution , sanctioned scorched earth warfare , and in actuality left blacks worse off .
in addition virginia would escape the campaigning that had wasted countryside from the potomac to the rappahannock .
in addition to a wealth of contour lines the map displayed foliage , road , building , fence and steam in exquisite detail .
during their stay at camp david she read a half dozen biographies on the man , in addition to relentlessly picking prices brain .
so here she was , alone in some remote place , facing a brand-new morning , in addition to being grievously anxious and concerned for her friend .
their feet made an eerie crunching sound in some places in addition to the fact that they found themselves shuffling rather than taking full steps .
there were metal paint buckets , some rusty , an empty gas can tossed in a corner , some sacks of compost that had split open spilling their contents ; and an old wooden ladder leaning up against one wall , in addition to an assortment of ropes , tools , and other items either hanging from nails on the walls or lying around on the dirt floor .
*** having concealed her debris and equipment in the old platform office , gil brushed herself down and smiled as she made one addition to the old platform which was now back in the state it had been for decades .
the girls were in high spirits , fueled by a combination of tequila and cocaine , which was one of the other reasons why a place by papis side was coveted you had access to all the high-grade chemical supplementation you could want , in addition to the lavish financial generosity afforded to his female companions .
poison had been only moderately effective , and one genius had the idea of releasing a horde of hungry felines which had resulted in a feral cat infestation in addition to the rats , which were large enough to go ten rounds with a cat without breaking a sweat .
in addition to the stun guns , the men on the dock would be equipped with grenades and machine pistols , as would the bogus security guards , so the presumption was that they could take the ship by surprise and keep the foe engaged until the main body of commandos made it down the dock .
he firmly believed that much of his success was thanks to the long hours he worked , in addition to an innate cunning born of the streets .
not since the exploits of carlos the jackal had an assassin gained such notoriety , and hed carefully selected the contracts hed taken for maximum publicity value , in addition to the money .
in addition , i offer a sincere thank you to my friend and editor , vicki braun , who painstakingly edited the revised version of this book .
in addition , i am including records of gambling losses of $ 750,000 from the french lick casino here in indiana , as well as the venetian , casino royale and mandalay bay casinos in las vegas .
in addition , mrs. long was given a farm last year that has been in allans family for over 100 years and is valued at one million dollars .
in addition , he conveniently did n't tell me his gambling problem had depleted his banking accounts , not his wife .
with the addition of the note to the investigation , anne was now more than a witness who found the body .
since your mr. bilotti treated them so horribly , an addition of two hundred thousand dollars to their bank account seems appropriate . ''
in addition , it was intriguing to take our characters and put them through an experience completely different from the one in the original book .
in addition to this so-called private office , an executive secretariat liaised with other departments and agencies within the white house , particularly in terms of preparing his briefing material and making the arrangements for his official trips at home and abroad , including staffing his mobile office which travelled with him and kept his itinerary on track .
in addition to that : we have witnessed drug dealers in action and a man shot at point blank range .
and in addition to that : they also donned a collaret that was slung over both shoulders , again : coloured purple with gold braiding .
in addition to the dope pushers and prostitutes waiting in line to be booked , there are several more people sitting in the stations lobby and many more milling about outside .
in addition , the els light blue stanchions , each separated by about twenty yards , stand guard at the edge of the sidewalk .
the additions were the scribes , the whole suddenly seamless , the scribe for a day giving himself immortality alongside the grand masters of verse .
within another eighteen months , cagill was heavily involved in funding nine major militia groups in addition to his nra funding : gun owners of america and the 1776 committee .
it was beginning to shape up in terms of names and dates , the ink still wet on the latest addition : july , 1990rebecca ashmont joins payson church .
paddy ohara followed the young tour guide around the old norman church noting the additions and changes that reflected the current age ; the ramp to the north aisle , the new servery and kitchens , the lack of an alarm system , the simple locks .
they were gathered together in the museum trying to re-arrange things to make room for robbies substantial addition when dickie mason arrived.alone .
in addition , he would do nearly anything to get to them first , hear their stories , meet new exotic people and tell his friends about them before anyone else could.that was the only reason he 'd spoken during dinner earlier that night .
but , she spied through the crack in her door , watching the people dancing , eating , and in conversation.in addition , she watched as one by one of them retired for the evening .
harvey worked part time , owned the thrift store , and in addition to all that , she was a member of the town council .
a therapist will visit you twice a day , in addition to a group therapy session.if you work with us , i can assure you that this will all be a lot easier , dr. bailey said .
in addition , a little further beyond that is a shelf of books that you can buy for only fifty cents , a wonderful deal in this economy .
in addition , and to the surprise even of the american authorities , there were two members of the russian secret service , the kgb , in attendance .
gashi would travel to an internet caf or use another computer with internet access , plugging in a small thumb drive like mine which , in addition to serving as a thumb drive , also held hidden programs which erased or blocked keyloggers and other spyware .
in addition to sending my message id been racking my brain to come up with a suitable location in which to lose my new fans .
i hadnt gotten used to seeing soft boiled eggs and a few other interesting additions to toppings on my pizza when i was here before but had decided to try it again on the grounds that nietzsche was probably right .
in addition to the clarity with billi , naims information had helped confirm most of aferditas story .
all of that would be useful and , as it would not create additional risk to collect , i approved her additions .
zeke would be a welcome addition to either roster at this extraordinarily competitive time , and could quickly fit into the main event scene on either side .
joeys world as a traveler , a showman on the move , was exquisitely changed with the addition of jade to his passenger seat .
each question is worth five points , with the ability to pass to their opponent up to three questions , in addition to a 'doubler ' in each round .
cathy , donna and ellie had left the gate and were running across in front of the main building so they could have a better view of the new addition being manipulated into place .
the old district high school sat at right angles to the original building to form a long 't ' with the new addition extending out over the old football field .
steve nodded to reverend moore who then stated , `` there is one small addition to this wedding ceremony .
the two had got on rather well during the bishops stay in florence , so cossa had invited ottaviani to rome , considering him a useful addition to the council .
the market had grown over the last couple of years and in addition to the market , she had three boutiques in savannah selling them .
in addition to this , a knowledgeable president was about to leave the white house , and a new inexperienced one was about to take over .
a nice hallway wooden floor will be a nice touch and with a white ceiling and some quality wood products ; its going to be a permanent addition .
in addition to his new love life and teaching barbara how to fly baby huey , he was hard at work in downtown manhattan , getting the years work up-to-date before he left for north carolina .
the air vent was an addition , and a round , metal air tube went through the wall into the other room .
in addition to two old c-130 transporters , we could have another dozen propeller aircraft operational within a few weeks .
dennis had purchased a package of cigarettes in addition to the supplies for bobos anticipated display of pyrotechnics , hopeful that the nicotine would do something to soothe his electrified nerves .
in addition to a section dedicated entirely to keys , there was a neat stack of pens , a few loose safety pins and rubber bands , and a half-empty tube of glue .
in addition to witnessing the decimation of a generation of young men and trying to reduce it , i have managed to make something of some of them .
in addition to writing a book about her war experiences ( eventually published as an american girl at war ) , she had undertaken to deliver a series of articles to the boston post about the situation in europe from the american womans perspective .
if you should offend again , however slightly , the full two years of this sentence will then be served in addition to any other sentence that any further offence should carry .
deity moves along and sees various other additions and alterations being made by these machines to the microchips upon the belt ; edges are removed and extra layers added .
as he moves along he recognizes that the microchips with all these additions and enhancements are becoming datatrails .
somehow , the addition of the underground river water to the caramels improved the health of those who ate them .
in addition , james hutchinson still owed , according to a collection bill pinned to the door , three thousand , five hundred pounds .
in addition to nearly a quarter of a million dollarssafely hidden in a variety of banks under a variety of namesmark managed to snag a half-full prescription pad .
in addition to a pb and j sandwich , the pack contained my best corduroy shorts and an aloha shirt i carefully selected to wear to jennifer ryans later that day .
in addition to the perimeter , a jagged crack in the lower half of the door looked like a bolt of lightning , the light peeking out there as well .
in addition to his affiliation with the kgb , sokolov made regular trips to southern california to learn about the art of filmmaking .
jack told me that , in addition to his deliveries in germany , he had specific instructions on how and when to deliver mobergs rolls of film to the ocean plaza hotel .
in addition to the occasional commercial , jennifer had gotten him parts in four of her movies in the past three years .
in addition to that , we are willing to allow you and your team to remain in your current positions .
in addition , the baby became the property of the state to ensure it would receive an adequate upbringing .
in addition to the hayabusa , the land cruiser and the dodge viper , the basement housed a gmc yukon denali , a porsche carrera gt , a mercedes-benz slr mclaren , a dodge charger srt-8 , a yamaha yzf-r1 and a ducati supermono .
in addition to a couple of small bags of high quality diamonds , five gold bars and several passports , the safe held a dozen document wallets .
the lack of rust suggested that it was a fairly new addition to the otherwise grand and faded facade .
the revelation of my need for his voice was almost as strong as the yearning , and that sent my frazzled mind reeling in addition to what was already physically happening to me .
raja made a mental note to have vinny check out who the judge hung around with , in addition to tracking his investments .
in addition to being immediately discovered , the search vinny was attempting would have taken weeks or months without sufficient computing power .
in addition to his popular raja williams mystery series , jack writes science fiction , political thrillers , paranormal romance , childrens stories and fairy tales .
id been practicing every night , in addition to taking chriss class in the day , so i didnt have much sleep overall .
if you meet his standards and he feels youre a compatible addition to this group , youll be invited to join the team as my partner .
in addition to the diamonds , purple gems sparkled on the center of the pancakes , similar to those id seen in chriss diamond library , and my heart fluttered .
i think youll be the perfect addition to my garden , he said , and there was no more playfulness in his tone .
in addition to them , of course , the barman and whoever else was working in the cafs kitchen would most likely die in the imminent explosion .
he knew from his briefings prior to this mornings operation that in addition to a water closet , a door opening onto an alley behind the caf was also located through that doorway .
in addition to reprinting the evidence in support of barbiers denials in their pages , the evening editions each carried a classified ad that included the zodiacs libra symbol .
if you need to remove the asbestos in the bathrooms , in addition to replacing all the fixtures , the budget wont take you far , even if there is nothing else wrong with the place .
in addition to the humps on both sides of the enclosure , the searing heat inside the space , and the drone of the motor , gave it away .
sam was reconciled to never finding out what colossal mistake driscoll made , in addition to the paltry cock-up with the loan to hendricks .
in addition , i 'd set up accounts at every futures brokerage house in the land , both coasts , to spread out the orders .
accordingly , in addition to our program with interest- rate futures , we also feel it would be prudent to provide some protection for this currency risk .
in addition to treasuries , now dai nippon was about to short the dollar , pre-sell it in advance of .
especially since , in addition to your professional skills , you are in a position to understand the cultures , the attitudes , of both americans and japanese .
we eventually established that the centurion 's unwritten membership criteria were actually pretty simple : in addition to being white and male , you also needed to be either rich or well-known .
in addition , nogami had aggressively stepped up westminster union 's traditional merchant bank operations by financing foreign trade , structuring corporate finance deals , and underwriting new issues of shares and bonds .
in addition , however , each man had certain nonissue items , something to take along as a talisman for lucka backup handgun strapped onto the ankle , an extra knife .
the assault team would use h & k mp5s except for armont and hall : pierre preferred a steyr-mannlicher aug and reggie had brought along an enfield l85a1 , in addition to his usual ak-47 .
in addition to acting as commander , armont would assume his usual role as security man , providing covering fire for the entry element during the assault and more close cover during withdrawal .
we both preferred the m16a3 because of its fully automatic firing capabilities in addition to single shot and semi-automatic options .
it occurred to pruett there was little chance that beulah jorgensenwho in addition to being town attorney did plenty of private work on the sideignored the significance of surface versus mineral rights .
in addition to being one of james pruetts oldest friendsone of the lucky soldiers who returned with jimmy pruett from the jungles of asiawhitefeather worked twenty-two years in the colorado bureau of investigations special bomb unit .
in addition , they had depleted all possible topics except the one relating to the ongoing negotiations between the scientist and the baron , which the general always attempted to broach .
smenkhkares comments were quickly becoming an irksome addition to their endeavours akhenaten could well do without .
in addition , he knew from history that when europeans first tried to find a way inside the structure , they had to use dynamite to blast through the stone .
in addition , just to cap it all , im stood on a mound of rotting paper in a tomb belonging to jesus christ !
in addition , i can assume he already knows you jtan , no longer work for him , and also that your companion is not on his side .
in addition , when the bolts hit the rods , massive surges of current would force through the chair sister rose sat in .
in addition , from the lack of abrasions to her arms , we can assume she died in a manner that did not require forcing upon her .
he walked down the corridor , an ache sat behind his eyes , a distracting addition to his life he could only assume would remain for some time .
in addition , even though the thought had never come to him before , he needed a drink ; a stiff one .
it was the long periods of inactivity , when movies were in post-production , and her job consisted of upgrades and minor feature additions , when andrea longed for more .
and in his mind the addition of each subsequent work had only the effect of watering down the previous .
and when the judge told him that in addition he would receive nearly two million dollars in cash , and of course the house in which he had lived with bertha , he thought he was dreaming .
in addition to these mainstream parties , there are numerous jihadi tanzeems ( organisations ) that we monitor .
every occupant of every vehicle was told to disembark and then body-searched in addition to metal-detector and dog sniffer checks .
in addition to the usual gear , each patrol now carried a video camera to document all the damage and repair work done on the fence .
there was barely enough space for 2 man crew of the machine gun in the bunker and addition of 2 extra men had left little room for anyone to move without bumping into somebody else .
over the years , chinese had made the island a hub for their maritime patrol vessels in addition to an intelligence gathering outpost .
they had a lot of troublein addition to adding the floors , they had to tear down walls , put in kitchens , and put in more bathrooms .
in addition , the crispy , skin-on home fries are far above the average french fries served at the typical fast-food restaurant .
dust had accumulated on the shoulders of the jacket and the pants had , in addition to the three pleats on each side of the fly , many wrinkles , and the deep cuffs on the pants were partly wrong side out .
in addition to the big office-type desk in the middle of the room , an old-fashioned roll-top desk stood against one wall .
in addition , two angels appeared to hover above the shelter where the manger set and in the center at the back was a small pipe , at the top of which rested a large star .
he also doesnt know if one of his cows is carrying a carrier form of the virus , which could be a threat to new calves or newcomers to the farm ; in addition to still being deadly to humans .
in addition , job rules and regulations are oftentimes complicated by collaboration with the u.s. customs and borders protection , which started in 2003 .
in addition , there were links reported between glyphosate and genetic abnormalities in amphibians .
onassis is thinking the same thoughts that are currently racing through mccarthys already overtaxed mind , but he has one addition resource- all the information of usda at his fingertips .
in addition to the un response , the home country 's embassy of the kidnapped victims would also try to establish contact with the kidnappers to make terms .
prestige is , in addition to being a concern for governments , a natural concern for manjak as well .
too bad that will take a really long time , by which we will probably be dealing with a human-affecting affliction in addition to an earthworm one . ''
now , with the entire department abuzz with whisperings , rumors , and frantic activity trying to make sense of the latest news streaming in from the west coast , it was up to onassis to show that the department could react to unexpected situations like this in addition to managing farming countrywide year-to-year .
in the hustle and bustle generated by dozens of ships , hundreds of dockworkers and thousands of multicolored containers , the presence of one addition ship attracts little notice or attention from anyone .
in addition , a small but non-negligible threat remains from militant groups that will tend to target foreign offices and ngos . ''
in addition to fame due to perceived exoticism , this city of over ten million inhabitants has also gained notoriety for large traffic jams , air pollution , wetland mold , and more recently violent demonstrations and shaky governments .
in addition , it will give the people a sense that , things are in order for the time being until this crisis is over . ''
in addition , international air travel continued to be as safe and reliable as it had been in the previous year .
in addition to being his favorite drink that he is nearly addicted to , the caffeine should help him stay awake and focused after twelve continuous hours on the job .
he is an invaluable addition to our team , and frankly i think that significant progress has been delayed due to his absence . ''
in addition to the slow moving rail lines , air freight had become one of the most important links from the midwestern states to the west since the epizootic 's outbreak .
in addition to several squad cars , two armored buses full of heavily-armed swat are sent over as well .
however , in addition to the domesticated species many other , smaller , and less visible species have contributed to the development , destruction , and rebirth of many of the individual politically , geographically , and socially distinct cultures of homo sapiens across the globe .
jack and genny had a surprise for penny , too.-jack had decided to retire in a couple of years and genevieve had decided they should move to kentucky to be near penny and her family.-they were looking for property in or near fordsville.-penny was truly excited about that possibility.- eds father was almost eighty-four now , but grandpa fred had come all the way from california in order the see the newest additions to his family tree.-he was also looking forward to seeing lydia again and he had bought her a gift that he hoped would let her know how special he thought she was.-eds brother , bob and his family had come with him and they were all looking forward to a wonderful party and another chance to help spoil the little ones .
the bookshelf was stacked with ancient ninjitsu encyclopedias , with one or two odd additions on japanese values and weddings .
in addition , peeking out from the bottom was what appeared to be an unopened birthday card for heidi .
seth imagined her abrasiveness , her ability to say the very thing that would piss you off the most , was the reason that , in addition to being a fence , she was a top-notch dominatrix that commanded thousands of dollars per client each visit .
in addition to earning a commission from their agents work , now used as instructors , beppe and his ceo also agreed to a 25 year contract where , in exchange for the closure of their company , the british government would pay each of them 1.5 million pounds per year .
he bought this in addition to some other seafood that he would use to cook dinner for his host family .
he had a second dan in jujitsu and , in addition to his native languages german and english ; he also spoke french and latin .
does that mean , that in addition to the people wanting to kidnap me , there is someone wanting me to find my dad ?
your father , as part of his freelancing image , in addition to mi6 missions had to also undertake other missions .
the only difference was that , unlike the bathroom , the windows were real and the plasma screen , in addition to being used to view the security cameras , was also a tv .
in addition to their safety , beppe pointed out that venturing outside could lead to the compromise of this hideout .
each capsule is able to carry approximately 25 people and in addition to standing room it provided an oval bench in the middle for those who preferred to sit down .
in addition to the sustained injury , steve bounced on top of simon , where he found himself welcomed by a right hook to his cheekbone .
it 'd never work , of course , but that 's why it 's a stupid game , in addition to not being a sport .
in addition to this third eye business , there were rumors that syznic was deeply involved with the so-called othernet .
july 2 , tuva state university shank and mike had no trouble locating the university , a sprawling complex of stalin-era concrete building blocks , and more modern additions , such as the cafeteria , where they were to meet with susan python and the american delegation , out of moscow .
in addition to his total hardcore fear of sir william , his reunion with shankers after all those years , had opened up old feelings of guilt and self-loathing .
i had come down here to get away from the regimented life that i had grown tired of , in addition to scott 's prying eyes .
for the last 12 years he has trained me in all his skills , in addition to teaching me his specialized curriculum . ''
in addition , the winner will also receive ongoing research funding of another one million dollars a year for the following seven years .
hed consumed at least four bottles of wine , in addition to what hed had at dinner , and had been working on a fifth when he finally passed out .
they had to run perpendicular to their blood thirsty opponents , who in addition had to go a shorter distance , and break through the soaring blankets of pine needles .
another addition to the story , many of the cars that had fallen off the out of control ferry are going to stay where they are .
it was even better than i thought it would be , especially with shela being an unexpected addition .
she had risen quite rapidly in the bank and it wasnt difficult to see why ; in addition to mandarin and cantonese she spoke respectable french and passable german , and there was toughness just beneath the attractive surface that hinted at both efficiency and a touch of ruthlessness .
while the fuel was not necessary for the reaction the arab desired , he had explained that its addition would increase the chemical energy of the mixture , hastening the violence of the detonation , and providing more of a shock wave .
he proceeded down a sealed concrete hallway devoid of any decorative additions other than the ominous biosensor every ten meters until he reached his office .
usually nads and frisky did the tea round , but it was suggested to brannigan that a part-time tea lady would be a great addition to the place .
holding the bunch aloft in his raised right hand with each new addition , he received a chorus of cheers , whoops and cries of victory from his thugs around him .
we think you two would make a marvelous addition , adding capabilities impossible to duplicate without a far higher cost .
in addition to her attractive features , amy had some less than angelic qualities that surfaced every once in a while .
in addition , he was pleased to see that it was situated alongside the busy a66 , a road providing routes to teesside and beyond .
in addition to the retail establishments , this street was a popular choice for cheap parking , assuming a space could be found by the side of the road .
in addition to this title , metroland , opening in 1988 was the largest indoor theme park in the country .
kate had been uber-sexual , from the pregnancy and overwhelming hormones or sheer attraction , david was unsure ; only thing he knew was that sex had become astounding , even earth-shattering since the loss of sound and addition of kates newly unbridled passion .
eventually hed need help beyond what melrose could offer and three good additions stood facing him .
they both smiled at the attractive addition to their troop who had placed herself against the wall on the other side of the large table that dominated the room .
a series of additions made of rough wood timbers and planking jutted out from the sides and the second floor , doubling the original building in size .
initially fearful that the rooms underneath were on fire and ready to give out , they quickly realized theyd reached the rickety additions of the building .
from the rocky rubble and dirt that surrounded the entrance , pierce assumed that these additions were made after a small cave-in .
in addition all her notes and experimental data were stolen immediately before she was killed.~~all of which leads me to believe that the true killer wanted whatever she discovered for themselves .
in addition , the u.s. will be sending medical and humanitarian supplies to guinea-bissau starting tomorrow .
after the officer left , my boss informed me that in addition to the back lot and the roof , the police had spent quite a bit of time searching my office for the missing weapon .
it only took a few minutes to recognize that , in addition to gray eyes , we shared the ability to hide a multitude of emotions behind pleasant features .
id tried to like regina since , in addition to a full client roster , she volunteered several hours a week at a local domestic abuse center .
in addition to several gift certificates to area shops and restaurants and a stack of instant lottery game cards , marshall also became the proud new owner of a pile of latex vomit and a pull-my-finger fart machine .
in addition to considering an unlisted number , tammy reminded me to contact my credit card companies , in case wayne had nabbed those bills , too .
unfortunately , in addition to chicken wild rice , i got a taste of my own medicine when marshall checked on whether id met with regina for supervision .
just because you disagree with some of them politically doesnt mean the circle doesnt think youd be a good addition to the team .
in addition , nelson was swinging from high spirits , whooping and hollering , to cussing about everyone that had crossed him in his life .
passing it on and then going back to the office sounded very appealing in addition , him right now .
structurally the renovation was not major ; the most significant changes were the addition of new elevators , stairs , escalators , and mechanical equipment rooms .
one day in the far off future he might be glad of food that tasted already pre-digested , but in addition to looking exhausted , the kid looked hungry enough to eat a horse .
i have known you a long time now , joe , and i know you would be a great addition to any work place .
they cited threats to national security from pakistan and dravida , in addition to challenges of drought and the oil crisis , which had crippled the economy .
in addition , a piece of paper in mr. stokes wallet clearly stated he was at smalls restaurant to exact revenge .
in addition , the insurance companies are guaranteed a hefty little profit for your care , but only if they follow these limited guidelines .
in addition , there would be no medical benefits provided to employees on account of other obama care regulations .
in addition , this would place james in a dark shadow where no one in the stadium would ever see him as he methodically completed his deadly extermination spree .
in addition , some of these revenge artists , though not all of them , might be imported terrorists who regularly visit middle eastern conspiracy sites where they are easily misled and taught how to make bombs and plan social disorder activities such as killing innocent people in malls , theaters , offices , airplanes , and on highways .
in addition , our hearts go out to their children , bill parker , who is eight years old and melissa parker who is six years old .
in addition , nato has now become a military arm of the united states as it participates in overseas occupations of one nation after another including the direct overthrow of nationally and democratically elected officials .
in addition , more than one billion viewers overseas were glued to their sets as the mayhem was being directly and instantly broadcast through satellite to their own nations .
in addition , we had years of emergency room programs on television in which we were treated to dr. house , dr. welby , and emergency rooms where outrageous scenes were developed concerning treatments that we can receive but which either never existed or were created merely to fulfill a fictional plot line , mr. ortega .
in addition , tomorrows games are canceled out of respect for the people who have been killed and injured today .
in addition , every senseless act of murder and revenge , when it results in deaths , demonstrates to the citizens that we have been ineffective .
in addition to reporters on the ground , helicopters with cameras hovered high overhead , surveying the damage .
in addition , the mayor of new york and his police commissioner were feared among the dead deep in the rubble of brick and powdered plaster .
in addition , several members of the extended family who had the last name of peterson had been in and out of jail for fighting , poaching , robbery and general debauchery .
in addition , greg made a fake drivers license and other ids in which he was pictured as the original owner of the camry .
in addition , caldwell told hauser , it stays fresh for years and years and does not deteriorate like dynamite .
in addition , he had not been caught doing anything wrong which could be used by the reporters to stick him until he bled and attracted even bigger sharks who waited in dark corners to bleed him out in the national news .
in addition , federal square was filled with sign waving protesters who surrounded the hoover fbi building , treasury , white house , and others which stone had already wired so they were ready to blow at a moments notice .
in addition , a delicious medley of pictures and videos taken with smart phone cameras by one million protesters hit youtube and vimeo with a passion .
his dark brown eyes appeared as if he wore a very thick pair of contact lenses in addition to his glasses .
for example , in addition to the thirty-five workers on deck , he was also able to see hundreds of dark shadowy creatures moving about the unsuspecting individual workers .
for , in one hour she is made desolate '' saint john the apostle the apocalypse , chapter 18 the last ark continues in part ii : true devotion : in the midst of a global economic collapse , kefa , frank , and maria crisscross america rushing to complete the ark for the few remaining people of god who are left behind the vatican uncovers how its rogue pope , kefa , has obtained the funds to build the ark the general and his exterminans are fast at work putting the final additions on their plan for a global emp attack cardinal dimonah puts the wheels in motion to depose kefa and the notion of in-between-time is cleverly introduced .
dressed all in black , he wore a dark scowl like the others but in addition , he had a shotgun slung across one elbow .
in addition , i have instructed the national institutes of health to support research efforts to create a vaccine to protect anyone exposed to the virus in the future .
hospital authorities have confirmed that , in addition to twenty-two cases from neah and clallam bays , they now have a single case brought to them from the city of port angeles itself last night .
a representative from cheltenham to work alongside me would be a valuable addition to my enquiry team , if you could arrange that sir robin .
in addition to maintenance on earthmovers and backhoes , the building had some unique hidden storage facilities and drug cutting rooms .
and now because of the addition of these possibilities the rope would have to be untied and charles would need to be confronted .
in addition to scores of law enforcement personnel and first responders , crews from every major news outlet had flocked to the scene , hoping they could get there in time , before roads were closed .
in addition , an offshoot of the group , as-sirat in iraq , had wreaked havoc in the war-torn country , claiming many military and civilian lives there .
in addition , the international desk was covering how the news of the strike had been received around the world , and even sports reporters were working on the terrorism angle , writing about game cancellations and prepared memorials at events yet to take place .
in addition , at this point we have no evidence pointing to this morning 's bombing to be part of a wider terrorist attack .
in addition , cash ruled everything there and hassan had brought plenty , just in case there was any trouble .
in addition , he had accumulated as many credit cards as possible over the past two years and , after the last monthly billing cycle , he had begun maxing out all of them .
in addition , they knew that anybody in andan not killed during a u.s. attack would certainly be murdered by as-sirat supporters later .
in addition , alan hoped that , in the longer interviews , he would also be able to talk about his ambitions as an author , though art had warned him against that .
in addition , both of the members of the intelligence community had said that it would be good for this piece of news to get out as quickly as possible .
in addition , the investigators had studied any recoverable document on his computer , any correspondence they could get their hands on and even hassan al-zaid 's college papers .
in addition to those efforts , as-sirat supporters in western countries had been asked to use the internet to put together extensive files on hundreds of potential targets .
in addition , even if he did n't manage to melt down the reactor core , he should be able to bypass all security systems and release enough radioactive material into the air and the water to make the area around the plant uninhabitable for years to come .
so , in addition to wanting to find hassan al-zaid in order to bring him to justice , there were other considerations to take into account .
in addition , there was a main and a service entrance , allowing the team to move people and equipment more easily .
in addition , a new wound might raise too many questions and it could pose health risks to hassan once he was on his own in waziristan .
in addition to family and friends who paid their respects , many van wert residents , whose life barnes touched as a volunteer basketball coach for the ymca , attended the funeral .
in addition , he would n't mind at all if some of those young , brash opposition lawmakers would get their face rubbed into the mess they were about to make .
in addition , with his luggage taken from him , he could not change and was forced to go to bed with the same clothes he had been wearing on the long flight from bogot .
in addition , several of the pathfinder members were of middle eastern descent and could pass as pashtun or one of the other groups of ethnic minorities living in pakistan .
in addition , many had just arrived at national airport , so there was no way this could have been planned .
in addition , some studies showed that people were more likely to cancel their tickets or not show up for flights that ended up crashing .
in addition , there were several rooms , some with mattresses on the floor and others that seemed to be used as storage .
in addition , hassan , who had to sever the ties to his own parents for the sake of the mission , often turned to the dni for advice and help in situations in which he normally would have asked his dad .
in addition , there was an attempted arson on a mosque in upstate new york and islamic web sites were bombarded with hateful comments .
the young saudi figured that the newest as-sirat addition was probably going to the bathroom and decided to play a little joke on him .
in addition , other families and children had moved in for the relative security and support of john judge and his team .
john already knew the answers to all but the last and was pleased to know there was now only one unit left in addition to what remained at spitalfields and that was housed in a police station on earls court road .
in addition , the too frequent checking of the time on his watch was warping the normal speed of time .
in addition he would be likely to remain close to where he had hidden his banca , just in case he needed to get away quickly .
with area variations , they form some of the 112 dialects of the philippines , in addition to the 87 basic languages .
along the way , we ran into several friends with children of their own , and they all made a big fuss over the adorable blossom in yellow and green that henry was holding , wanting to know when we had welcomed the new addition to our family .
with the addition of the media room and home office on the ground floor , its an even sweeter deal .
vince must have been in a decent mood and agreed to stop for coffee in addition to paying for it himself which surprised leo even though he tried not to let it show .
in addition to the pleading in his gaze there was a kind of release , like raine did exactly what worthington wanted him to do .
larry knew if ben was on his game it was a big addition to the movie ( as winning the lottery would be to your bank account ) .
once in my room i played with the two additions to my small magazine , which could never compare to georges but was slowly getting there .
now , in addition , we learn that they are creating a super-legal system based on markets and trade to be run by and for themselves , which will supersede the laws of nations , annulling our rights , and essentially ending democracy as we have known it .
in addition , tyler 's story seemed to tally : the wound on his eye was still fresh , and the anger and venom that showed in his face when he talked of kidd was real .
in addition , the coastline all the way around the island was very rugged , made up mainly of cliffs or ragged rocks which would rip the hull out of any ship that got too close .
in addition he funded several external projects that also showed potential , and he kept a very keen eye on their failures ... and successes .
in addition for this experiment he had also secretly placed several members of his scientific team in noaa : one was aboard stormchaser 2 , and another aboard stormchaser 3 .
in addition , a lot of men who had been on emergency standby for the past few days , or had been working overtime trying to keep the public safe during the high winds they had experienced from the edge of hurricane josephine , had now all taken some time off .
in addition the relationship between faith and works as it relates to salvation was clearly defined .
when i had arrived to this ghostlike world the last time , i hadnt noticed that in addition to everything else that seemed wrong about this place , color was another one .
in addition to the contacts , when i had awoken this morning , i had found a pile of neatly folded clothes at the foot of my bed .
includes two bonus essays and nicholson 's first-ever published story , in addition to the four-story aeropagan cycle .
alison monets grave was not hard to find , for it was one of the latest additions to the cemetery and thus had a brand new slap of marble for its headstone and was copiously decorated in bright funereal flowers .
hawkshaws name would only be the latest addition if the youngs intended sunday frivolities were allowed to play out .
i noticed that , along with the furnishings the swansons had decorated the house with , there were several recent additions .
+1 tier addition donations the list is a social media experiment and will only thrive with your support .
they matched the length of the account with one addition , there was an additional character at the end of the sequence on the business card .
in addition , my parents met in cuernavaca , i had a fondness for the country even though some mexicans had complexes towards argentineans .
in addition he would have liked to get a footprint from her , to see if it matched the one found at the billabong , because that would then place her at the location .
all divisions , additions , subtractions , and multiplications will disappear the moment we realize that they are only superficial .
yet , he banged the buttons again , trying to twist simple addition and subtraction to his despairing will .
the overall uncertaintyin addition to kahns warningkept him from stopping salinowsky in the street .
the addition of some liquid back to his drained veins brought him back to a state where he could understand speech again .
on that occasion , in addition to the items stolen , there had been filth and excrement everywhere when he returned two days later nearly five thousand pounds worth of drunken , wanton damage .
in addition the slope was less steep and papa could probably walk further here before his body tired .
in addition , you will be repelled away from those professionals that are fundamentally different from you .
with area variations , they form some of the 112 dialects of the philippines , in addition to the 87 basic languages .
it is my understanding that you are section fours in-house expert on the krokator star empire in addition to your duties as junior liaison officer to the commission .
in addition to being scary-smart , veronicas attachment to gus was mutual and there seemed to be nothing she loved more than looking after gus , despite his urging for her to go find a rich , young lawyer and have babies .
in addition to the lavish living space , the ship also contained a large boardroom and sleeping quarters for another dozen men .
in addition to such divine favoras odun understood itto have destroyed the last living lodbrog , they also took the sacred viking bannerthe raven was theirs .
this was in addition to the dozens of other questions swirling in her mind about the total destruction and death that was all around her .
in addition to the depth , nicole was also worried about debris in the water and possibly half sunken ships in the way and as the sun began to set she advised that they drop anchor and wait for daylight .
in addition , there were six personal watercraft , aligned in two rows facing the aft door , and ready for rapid launch .
in addition , our company agrees to accept all assets , liabilities , future contingencies , and any other possible event associated with the operations .
your leadership recognizes that , in addition to the usual significant risks youve all taken in meeting , its quite cold out tonight .
in addition to the news items , there was a classifieds section where people advertised goods or services for sale , an obituary , a jobs section , and even a small entertainment section with a series of word games .
opening the door to my right , i discovered a sort of library with the rather dominant addition of an enormous table , covered almost entirely by a large map of the world in the very centre of the room two men and a woman were talking in the corner and the latter nodded to me .
like the others , this room was bare with only the addition of a wooden chest that sat below the window .
i turned on the overhead light and saw that , in addition to the t-shirt , she was wearing a pair of white cotton panties .
in addition , it was his understanding that the walls and windows of the galbraith tower were practically soundproof .
in addition , he noted they did not have an attached stock or a sling system to give them a more stable platform to assist with quicker follow up shots .
he also knew , that in addition to what his dad had taught him , he would now have to rely heavily on his own instincts to help him and justin survive .
which would be easy to verify , because i would have been the only one doing so , and there are dozens of palestinian witnesses in addition to our men .
we both preferred the m16a3 because of its fully automatic firing capabilities in addition to single shot and semi-automatic options .
it is n't a true polygon if you take a closer look , and there are extra additions that are n't usually associated with either wicca or satanism , or even the latter day saint movement . '
the yam provides energy too , so because all four energy producing vegetation are found in close proximity , it just might have been daniel boone who planted them because he was quite the horticulturist in addition to being a hunter and trapper .
being aloof and overweight in addition to having poor hygiene made him something of an outsider , even from within the group .
the prize pool would gradually increase as this concept took off ; in addition to commissions on the sales , the employees received a bonus for 15 demos and/or for every 100 cards they handed out - a hundred cards the equivalent of one demo .
in addition to thick moustaches , the men all wear khaki pants and polo shorts , in other words total cheese balls , and the middle aged blonde , like all older women who drink too much and dress too provocatively and are just a shade too friendly toward strangers , comes across as a slut .
moving right along on this logical progression of thought , then , it stands to reason that the three quarters of a rum bottle he has upstairs might make an excellent addition to this trip .
ricks doing six months and owes about $ 4,000 in fines , in addition the $ 2,000 he spent for basically no reason on a lawyer , and this doesnt take into the account the lost wages he is currently unable to support his family with as hes locked up .
by the end of the week , on the day before the addition or removal of money from the safe , walter had managed to increase the amount of funds that the bank was in error of holding by an exact number .
dr.morganstern , she groaned.the doctor was a new addition to tri-county and did not work and play well with others.morgansterndid not readily admit patients , and carol had already complained about her once before to spears , when the doctor had refused to admit a cocaine addict who had begged to be admitted into detox .
sheila was marching down the hallway to charles office with fire in her eyes.she did not know how things had de-compensated so quickly.her curiosity aboutpharmlabwas not out of line.it was a surprise addition at the last minute.why were they all acting so paranoid ? it would have been stranger if she hadnt reacted with some question about its sudden appearance.if she had known that the onsite lab was going to be such a sensitive subject , she would have been more covert about it.now she was being sent off to the north pole .
chapter 15 sam reynolds had never been so tired in his life.sitting across from him were jeff and a new addition to the disaster control club.i just thought you had to know , '' jerry said , trying to fill the silent tension .
in addition to all the paper , the system lacked the manpower and the talent of its workers to ever provide any real change.its ineffectiveness not only failed its population , but also blocked them from hope through the tangled mess of their bureaucracy .
a waiter showed them to their table after a heated few moments about the smoking section.donovan had little patience for incompetence.he had made the reservation himself and had specifically mentioned the smoking issue.they were both reformed smokers , which had hurled them into the anti-smoking nazi club.in addition to their policy about second-hand smoke , the smell of it had become one of sallys biggest triggers for nausea .
the newest addition to the newsroom placed the receiver down and smiled.how lucky could they get ? only hours after being hired , they had already gotten some valuable information.the new employee turned and checked to see if anyone had been observing the phone conversation.no one was close by , and jason sample was busy typing away in his cubicle.this was one message that was not going to get delivered.the paper with the contact information was folded and tucked away for later.people are way too trusting , the new member thought , and thank god for them .
well , just before the study began , i was informed of some interesting additions to the process , '' sheila continued .
winston barber had been assigned to head the review of the final data , along with four other department members.manning had chosen him due to his past eagerness to work overtime.winston was a hungry , twenty three year old up-start addition to the fda.he was never opposed to working long hours or weekends , unlike the standard company issued federal workers that put in their thirty-five hours and disappeared.manning couldnt even fathom what the reaction would have been from most of the fda employees , had he approached them with this weekend plan .
this way to the bloodbath by the sword july ground zero at this time the late aughts in addition to writing the main-line jack novels , i was writing the teen trilogy as well and falling in love with weezy .
the morning had dissolved into a series of meetings about felix benes in addition to the appointments dana already had with other clients .
in addition to the usual selection of beverages and convenience foods , it stocked a seemingly random array of household items .
in addition to the front door , the gable-fronted house had a side door that led into a fenced side yard .
as the bolt slid home again , the priest crossed the ground to the door and discovered a pail of water ( brackish smelling , but water nonetheless ) in addition to the stale bread .
italian , french , german , spanish in addition to the latin and greek required by his studies were his in so little time that even his professors began to wonder .
( id chided lacy when shed first purchased the novelty , but it had come to be my favorite addition to the house . )
in addition to that , many other aspects of bens story seemed to be cohesive the fact he found kyle , the scene where they talked in the storage room , and the phone number from the woman .
it was like a decent hotel room , but with some notable additions ; the biggest being a large circular tub standing in the corner on a white tiled floor .
i was confused because when a kuna girl reaches womanhood , as pronounced by her first menstruation , she cuts her hair short in addition to shedding the nickname she carried in childhood .
mr. slaytons addition states he looked down to read the clause , .upon my death , all three farms which made up the original slayton estate will be deeded as one property .
you putting your garage addition on this year , '' johnny asked , fishing for the subject that had bought them outside .
in addition to the regulars , bader , black , cooke , hammer and summers , she 's invited the heads of treasury , irs , fbi , dia , fec , blm , cia , epa , tsa , sec , doe , and homeland .
`` in addition to the independent states of north colorado , nebraska , the dakota federation , and the republic of texas , over the weekend we got word that the new confederacy and north mexico have declared independence , '' answers a nervous gloria marlin .
it was by the tireless hands of kathleens mother , susan , in addition to her demands that everyone clean up after themselves .
in addition to the campaign manager , this wells fellow had one campaign staffer named fred harris who had been a private investigator .
in addition , westing in this group and gilmore in the other have experience of the firewalker systems and can help you if you get into difficulties during the eva .
in addition , this time i had access to a modern ibm selectra 3 electric typewriter with an auto erase feature ( no more liquid whiteout ) .
considering how serena had treated rohm since shed entered the room , in addition to the one sided chat she had with her for interrupting her conversation with keaton back on the street , there was little wonder to why the woman dressed in black hesitated to answer her now .
in addition , if memory served her , there were mobile tactical teams of logistics , intelligence , communications , and command staffs making up the bulk of the personnel squeezing into a one mile radius surrounding the theater as well .
i put on an army shirt and khaki trousers and the addition of a red cross armlet made me a very convincing french medical orderly .
this was a sortie in broad daylight right under the enemy 's nose and in addition just to make myself more conspicuous i had gisselle with me .
the twins had been late additions to a miserable marriage and the target of their mothers fury with the world .
seeing as how the condoms , mens clothes ( that arent mine ) , and the cocaine are all new additions since ive last been here , id say im spot-on with that assessment .
when you connect all of this , in addition to the war of words between your brothers organization and pandorait must be like storm clouds that have opened up on top of you all at once .
martial vartanian , you are certainly a warrior of great prowess , evidenced by the caste which you bear , and are thereby due all the additions which that caste merits .
in addition , controlled neutralisation sometimes contained evidence that the object in question was harmless .
in addition to all of the other perquisites normally associated with a high profile position , she was to receive an annual salary of $ 450,000 , a guaranteed annual bonus of $ 900,000 , and , lastly , 1 % of the companys annual profits .
in addition to the alarm , teleport would take its own evasive actions , were albert not available or interested in doing so on his own .
well , inside the panic room , in addition to the telephones and weapons , theres a door to this staircase .
for years he had purposefully walked with a slight hobble ; in addition to that he let his hair mature into a brilliant gray ... the crowning jewel of the elderly .
on them appeared schematics of the sewage lines that ran below damion 's residence , the topography of the overlook the estate was built on with the site 's variegated elevations accounted for , and in addition to all that , monty had a simulation of a plane flying at an altitude of 35,000 feet with the paratrooper ( s ) getting the green light to jump when the moment was right .
its width was expansive enough for a train to travel in either direction at the same time in addition to a third set of tracks in between the other two , reserved specifically for special freight .
up to four tanks could be fitted into its cargo hold in addition to twenty paratroopers and two uav 's .
what i didnt tell you was the directory for project canvas also had been accessedin addition to my mark i test vehicle .
the funny thing about fear was that it produced the exact same symptoms as excitement , the only difference being the addition of willingness to the latter .
in addition to the foremost one that it was chained to the floor it appeared to be incredibly heavy .
a trial run would make her more comfortable and he wouldnt be worried about her anxiety over the trip in addition to the need to find dexter .
its a national landmark , with a collection of over 15,000 pieces from colonial america , including a selection of the stones from the attempted garvey heist in addition to the archived records collected and kept by thomas meeks .
in addition , dexter being away from home without explanation seemed to be okay with his wife , as long as he was with jeff .
which was in addition to the 90-minute conversation shed put him through the night before once hed finally woken up from his time travel-induced coma .
in addition , the room was darkly lit with a midnight blue glow , so to trust his eyesight alone wouldve been presumptuous .
in addition , she was carrying abbys tablet over her shoulder , though she kept it under her coat to minimize its movement .
it was tough going , especially because there was a fair amount of normal tourist traffic in addition to the lines .
in addition to this , i was wondering what the pair of them had been whispering about when i walked in earlier .
the only words i heard as they moved out of earshot were id like to offer you a part-exchange i have no idea what estrade offered in addition to the two boxes full of filth , but the furniture was soon being piled onto handcarts and wheeled back to the house by the shopkeepers sons .
estrade , whom i suspected of running some other business venture , in addition to his ill-fated foray into the sex industry , merely disappeared .
11 the minato mirai station entrance was crowded with saturday night rendezvous , mostly young females happily chatting away while waiting for further additions to their numbers .
he literally got a 500-year sentence in addition to the death penalty for killing ricky t-max merchant , the hardware store clerk , who i only knew as the victim until i heard his name at the trial .
antonia , the younger of my two younger sisters at fifty-five , had brought along her new husband who was a curious late addition to the family for me .
in addition , a fugitive is always running around and ezra was n't much for running unless he had someplace special to go .
in addition to this he organized a national lottery just for this event where huge prizes were offered .
in addition to things that were clearly barbaras , there was a blood-stained childs t-shirt , of the type worn by st. richards school pupils for p.e .
most of the twenty people working for loughlin were women ; secretaries , receptionists , another female speech writer in addition to helen .
so , in addition to writing the speeches for appearances , she was organizing the appearances themselves , meeting with union leaders and the heads of veterans ' groups , and the leaders of patriotic organizations .
in addition patch us into the commercial districts data-link network and give us real time surveillance feeds .
the ketamine is good and his own additions are fairly straightforward , but the quality of locally supplied e is patchy .
he guzzled the rest of his tea , threw down a bill , and got up , fondling the latest addition to his modest arsenala tiny knife with a honed blade long enough to slice open arteries , but small enough not to alarm a cop .
in addition , the program that ran the searches could only be described as fickle with a cursed sense of humor .
in addition , the fighting amongst them , along with our servant acquisition program , eliminated dozens per month . ''
`` in addition , '' dunlevy rubbed his beard , `` another likely effect of successful action could be a loss of morale for remaining population .
in addition , with everyone thinking that elijah was out and about , the real one did n't have much use for a bodyguard .
in addition , the field could easily scramble any electronics , making bombardment or missile attacks imprecise if not completely useless .
in addition to being known as the father of chemistry , he was a renowned alchemist , astronomer , astrologer , engineer , geologist , philosopher , physicist , pharmacist and physician : a regular wiz-bang guy .
this , of course , is in addition to the mundane routine maintenance tasks required to care for the documents .
rather than off-load the trucks that night , the guards positioned themselves around the two moving van trucks , in addition to the armed guards that escorted them down from new york .
in addition to being a regular contributor for copyblogger.com , the webs premier content marketing site , sean has written copy for some of the largest writing and lifestyle blogs on the web .
behind the impressive and uncharacteristic additions was traditional flowery wallpaper that you wouldnt expect to find in a room of this purpose .
kathy sensed a great deal of affection for this dance lizard from the group passing by , but also a lack of respect : this character was merely a joke to them , an entertaining addition to a night out .
at this point the sunlight was well faded and in addition to his standard flashlight , he flicked on the miners light on his forehead .
in addition to that , his two daughters were from her previous marriage so he had no real blood ties to them .
the shop had been established by her husband , a small , energetic man who had travelled far and wide in his pursuit of increasingly rare books , and whose pent up zeal and boundless energy , confined within the limitations of too tiny a frame , had resulted in a massive heart attack at the age of fifty-six , whilst carrying a box of new additions to his stock , into the shop from his car .
drisdale , by his own admission , was no expert on construction industry litigation , indeed , only recently graduated from law school at the time , he was a self-confessed novice at many of the practical applications of the law , but , in many ways it was this very innocence which garnet had been keen to exploit : he had need of a grateful lawyer not a big-name lawyer , someone who was on the up and for whom the addition of such a prize client as garnet g. wendelson would mean the difference between sink and swim ; park avenue or skid row .
to have such a major decorative feature only reveal itself so late on in a build is not without its precedents : the landmark golden globe which proudly sits atop the al faisaliah building in riyadh was only added as an afterthought , when much of the rest of the structure had already been built to a specification which had not accounted for this massive new addition .
the 450 metre mark of the petronas towers had been reached almost a year ago now , and then , little by little , the building had added on the extra footage , to first overcome the height of the ostankino tower in moscow , then the unfinished daniel libeskind construction on the ground zero site , and finally , just in the last few weeks , with the addition of the sloping rooftop gallery and terrace , to supplant the position previously held by the cn tower in toronto , of being the tallest structure , of any kind , anywhere in the world .
in addition to this remarkable technology , several companies in the imaging industry have created transparent screens that can display images in multiple dimensions .
`` now , in addition to the basic transmission of video images that will be displayed in 3d to the viewer , we have conceived various other goals for holographic dining to be researched and plugged into the working model over time .
in addition , we would seek clips of classic stars that can be retrofitted to grams video for the adoring public to enjoy , so that diners , to use an example , could possibly have a night out with marilyn monroe and frank sinatra .
pappy and i would get leftovers for supper , in addition to the usual platter of cucumbers and tomatoes .
the two women ate lunch together twice a week , in addition to their regular shopping trips and vacations en famille .
as well as manual searches , the guards used sniffer dogs and even infrared scanners to spot-check vehicles , in addition to the cctv cameras that were everywhere at bedford .
in addition , the manufacturers , though not required to , maintained an exhaustive ship 's record of every part originally on the plane , and who had manufactured it .
in addition , the list instructed mechanics to check the nearby proximity sensor , its coupling , cover plate , and wiring .
in addition to the men olivetti had just dispatched , the commander had radioed ahead to the vatican and sent additional undercover guards to the center where bernini 's west ponente was located .
in addition , bbc photo archives had just given her a positive id on the victim in st. peter 's square .
in addition , '' olivetti continued , `` captain rocher tells me he is making excellent headway on the antimatter search . ''
in addition to exclusively broadcasting the camerlegno 's address , she and glick had provided the world with gruesome photos of the cardinals and of the pope - that tongue !
in addition to these , the camerlegno had found the illuminati collection - all the secrets the church had uncovered after banishing the group from rome ... their contemptible path of illumination ... the cunning deceit of the vatican 's head artist , bernini ... europe 's top scientists mocking religion as they secretly assembled in the vatican 's own castle st. angelo .
in the end he had settled on eight names in addition to his own : tony swan , jorge sanchez , calvin franz , frances neagley , stanley lowrey , manuel orozco , david o'donnell , and karla dixon .
of course the ultimate embarrassment had been the widely publicized trial of fbi spy robert hanssen , who , in addition to being a prominent member of opus dei , had turned out to be a sexual deviant , his trial uncovering evidence that he had rigged hidden video cameras in his own bedroom so his friends could watch him having sex with his wife .
in addition to being the pope 's summer vacation home , the sixteenth-century citadel housed the specula vaticana - the vatican observatory - one of the most advanced astronomical observatories in europe .
earlier , while telling sophie about the knights templar , langdon had realized that this key , in addition to having the priory seal embossed on it , possessed a more subtle tie to the priory of sion .
rosa rugosa , one of the oldest species of rose , had five petals and pentagonal symmetry , just like the guiding star of venus , giving the rose strong iconographic ties to womanhood.in addition , the rose had close ties to the concept of '' true direction '' and navigating one 's way .
man created it as a historical record of tumultuous times , and it has evolved through countless translations , additions , and revisions .
in addition to telling the true grail story , these documents speak of christ 's ministry in very human terms .
`` few people realize that mary magdalene , in addition to being christ 's right hand , was a powerful woman already . ''
in addition to langdon 's name scrawled on the louvre floor and in sauniere 's date book , langdon now appeared to have lied about his manuscript and then run away .
in addition , he learned that the pilot saw langdon and sophie leave something behind in teabing 's safe , a wooden box of some sort .
hurrying through the grand portico on the north transept , langdon and sophie were met by guards who politely ushered them through the abbey 's newest addition - a large walk-through metal detector - now present in most historic buildings in london .
sauniere apparently had done just that and left the knight unattended long enough for remy legaludec to make one inconspicuous addition .
in addition to identifying rosslyn by name , the verse made reference to several of the chapel 's renowned architectural features .
`` in addition , '' rachel said , `` your boss gave me about ten seconds ' warning before telling me i would be facing his entire staff .
in addition to her good looks , rachel exuded an accessible poise and self-confidence that tolland seldom saw in the women he met .
and yet as rachel imagined how density scans were taken , a strange thought occurred to her ... `` in addition , '' ekstrom was saying , `` dr. mangor 's core samples confirmed the solidity of the glacier . ''
in addition to forcing harper to lie about having fixed pods 's software , the administrator had apparently set up some insurance just in case harper got cold feet and decided not to be a team player .
anyhow , in addition to baby-sitting the ship , the crew has asked me , in my role as onboard bitch , to do everything in my power to keep you from turning into a conceited bastard , which after tonight i realize is going to be difficult , but i had to be the first to tell you that you made a boo-boo in your documentary .
in addition , the hellfire was a popular munition among black-market arms dealers , so terrorist activity could certainly be blamed .
in addition , rachel 's eagerness to run the tests and get off the ship as fast as possible was clearly making xavia uneasy .
the mariana trench , in addition to being crushed under seven miles of water , was a subduction zone-the compression line where the pacific and indian plates moved toward one another and collided .
but as he got closer reacher could see these particular targets had crude painted additions of their own .
because brute-force computers broke codes by examining cleartext for identifiable word patterns , harne proposed an encryption algorithm that , in addition to encrypting , shifted decrypted cleartext over a time variant .
strathmore 's covert addition , in effect , meant that any code written by skipjack could be decrypted via a secret password known only to the nsa .
i 've got gitana blood in me , gypsy blood ; we gitanas , in addition to having red hair , are very superstitious .
in addition to the thirty-two foot mahogany table with the nsa seal inlaid in black cherry and walnut , the conference room contained three marion pike watercolors , a boston fern , a marble wet bar , and of course , the requisite sparklett 's water cooler .
multiple fail-safes for phone and power were buried in reinforced steel canisters deep underground , and in addition to the feeds from within the nsa complex , there were multiple backups off main public grids .
there was a big old house with a two-story core and a tall chimney and sprawling one-story additions .
clearly it had started out a substantial ranch house , and then random additions had been made whenever necessary .
in addition to die humiliation , rick got thirty days suspended , a fine of four hundred dollars , a scathing tongue-lashing from his father , and the promise from his coach that another infraction , however minor , would cost him his scholarship and send him to either jail or junior college .
the pretty town of bolzano is in the mountainous northeastern part of the country , in the trentino-alto adige region , a recent addition to italy that was chipped away from austria in 1919 by the allies as a reward to the italians for fighting the germans .
* * * garber told me that fort kelham was still operating as a legitimate ranger training school , but in addition was being used to house two full companies of grown-up rangers , both hand picked from the 75th ranger regiment , designated alpha company and bravo company , who deployed covertly to kosovo on a rotating basis , a month at a time .
there is no confirmation of this report from the deuxisme bureau , nor from the authorities in strasbourg ( who are reliable and thorough ) and there is also no news from le chiffre 's headquarters there , which we have well covered by a double agent ( in addition to 1860 ) .
in addition , the ' syndicat d'lnitiative et des bains de mer de royale ' traditionally threw open its doors to all its local contractors and suppliers , and there was free champagne and a great groaning buffet to reward the town people for their work during the season .
by the time he left , at the early age of seventeen , he had twice fought for the school as a light-weight and had , in addition , founded the first serious judo class at a british public school .
in this connection , it has come to the ears of my superiors that individual members of the group , notably '' -- there was the rustle of paper -- '' messrs. gengerella , rot-kopf , and binion , in addition to our chairman , have engaged in extensive purchasing of july sugar futures for the benefit of private gain ... ... '' there came an angry murmur from round the table .
she read very carefully : `` in view of the outstanding nature of the services referred to above and their assistance to the allied cause comma which is perhaps more significant than you imagine comma the prime minister proposes to recommend to her majesty queen elizabeth the immediate grant of a knighthood stop this to take the form of the addition of a katie as prefix to your charlie michael george . ''
he took no holidays , but was generally given a fortnight 's leave at the end of each assignment-in addition to any sick-leave that might be necessary .
in the ceiling directly above the desk , a big twin-bladed tropical fan , a recent addition to m 's room , slowly revolved , shifting the thundery august air that , even high up above the regent 's park , was heavy and stale after a week of heat-wave .
it was a big bathroom , probably a spare room converted into a bathroom and , in addition to the bath and lavatory , it held various fitness machines-a rowing machine , a fixed bicycle wheel , indian clubs and a ralli health belt .
in addition there is a police force consisting of twenty officers and some four hundred enlisted men .
most rediscovered animals were rather recent additions to the fossil record : ten or twenty thousand years old .
the dinosaur will then finish the victim off at its leisure-making dilophosaurus a beautiful but deadly addition to the animals you see here at jurassic park . ''
`` well , it seems the man we are dealing with , in addition to being mentally unstable , is also highly educated .
in addition , she urged the dispatcher to check dr. abaddon 's address in kalorama heights , where she thought peter was being held hostage .
moving cautiously up the center aisle , simkins reached up and flipped a switch on his goggles , activating the newest addition to the cia 's arsenal .
he quickly showed katherine that in addition to making the rows , columns , and diagonals add up to thirty-four , durer had also found a way to make the four quadrants , the four center squares , and even the four corner squares add up to that number .
in addition to realizing they had just lost robert langdon through a hole in the wall , the field agent was now aware that he had another problem .
in addition , because the sixteen letters in jeova sanctus unus could be rearranged to spell his name in latin , making it a perfect pseudonym . ''
this particular tank had probably been installed for its owner 's private experimentation , although the addition of heavy , lockable latches left little doubt in sato 's mind that this tank had also been used for darker applications ... an interrogation technique with which the cia was familiar .
peter solomon , in addition to overseeing the house of the temple , was the master of his local lodge .
in addition , the library displayed precious masonic jewels , ritual artifacts , and even a rare volume that had been hand-printed by benjamin franklin .
in addition , legend also claims that a large stone sits atop the opening of the staircase ... and that this stone is engraved with a message in an ancient language ... as a kind of marker so the worthy can find it . ''
in addition , biogen maintained forty thousand square feet of nondescript shed space in an industrial park two miles away .
the promoters might make proteins that switched off the animal 's own genes , to allow the new addition to take over .
in addition to botticelli 's celebrated map of hell , there was rodin 's timeless sculpture of the three shades from the gates of hell ... stradanus 's illustration of phlegyas paddling through submerged bodies on the river styx ... william blake 's lustful sinners swirling through an eternal tempest ... bouguereau 's strangely erotic vision of dante and virgil watching two nude men locked in battle ... bayros 's tortured souls huddling beneath a hail-like torrent of scalding pellets and droplets of fire ... salvador dali 's eccentric series of watercolors and woodcuts ... and dore 's huge collection of black-and-white etchings depicting everything from the tunneled entrance to hades ... to winged satan himself .
in addition to being a master painter and sculptor , michelangelo was a superb poet , publishing nearly three hundred poems-including one titled 'dante , ' dedicated to the man whose stark visions of hell were those that inspired michelangelo 's last judgment .
in addition to shedding a ray of light on his strange predicament , this revelation also meant langdon was no longer wondering what terrible thing he might have done ... for which he had been profusely saying he was very sorry .
the balcony , he knew , in addition to being at the exact same height as the words cerca trova , also served as the entrance to the palazzo 's museum , which langdon visited whenever he was here .
then again , ignazio busoni , in addition to being an influential figure in the florentine art world , was a dante enthusiast and scholar .
on his previous visit , in addition to peering through the viewing window in the room of architectural models , langdon had explored the garret on foot , entering through a doorway at the other end of the attic .
il duomo-or , more formally , the cathedral of santa maria del fiore-in addition to providing a nickname for ignazio busoni , had long provided not only a spiritual heart to florence but centuries of drama and intrigue .
in addition to assorted credit cards and a wad of euros , he was carrying over three thousand u.s. dollars in cash .
viewed from the ocean , the palace 's massive expanse of white limestone would have been overbearing had the effect not been carefully muted by the addition of porticos , columns , a loggia , and quatrefoil perforations .
in addition to being highly intelligent , he was enormously charismatic and penned doomsday articles that spawned an entire cult of zealots for transhumanism .
today , in addition to the guilt he felt at seeing firsthand langdon 's bewilderment , the man was burdened by an overwhelming sense of responsibility for the current crisis .
in addition to providing the city with two coastlines rather than one , the bosporus enabled ship passage from the mediterranean to the black sea , allowing istanbul to serve as a way station between two worlds .
the mask appeared to be in flawless condition with one small exception-the addition of a poem , inscribed in an elegant spiral shape , on its reverse side .
in addition to the estate david had inherited from his father , his grandmother had left him a trust fund of five million dollars .
in addition to the three nurses who tended toby round the clock , jill arranged for a physiotherapist to come to the house every morning to work with toby .
in addition , sam roffe owned a large duplex penthouse apartment on beekman place , and a villa on the costa smeralda in sardinia .
each of her cousins had charge of his own domain , but in addition they supervised other overseas territories , so that they were all traveling constantly .
in addition to the trauma of her abduction , there are signs ... '' the doctor 's voice trailed off .
in addition to these attributes , madame aubrieau owned le club canard , a dive bar in the twelfth arondissement whose piano player had quit the previous week in a dispute over unpaid wages .
she - `` `` in addition , '' jennifer continued to dorothy , `` i checked on your mother 's social activities before you had her put away .
in addition to that , the jet stream determines the path of storms , and there is no way to control that . ''
in addition , she will be incarcerated in the southern louisiana penitentiary for women for the next fifteen years .
in addition , he had a strong conviction that if women wanted to be in the medical profession , they should be nurses .
`` i 'll check out the ones in richmond , the marina , north beach , upper market , mission , and potrero , and you check out the excelsior , ingleside , lake merced , western addition , and sunset areas . ''
in addition , i intend to strengthen our diplomatic relations with bulgaria , with iczechoslovakia , and with east germany .
she taught five political science classes in addition to the graduate seminar , and each of them dealt with the soviet union and its satellite countries .
`` you were scheduled to appear this afternoon at the ground breaking for the new library addition .
the ground-breaking ceremony for the new american library addition was scheduled to be held at four o'clock at alexandru sahia square , in a vacant lot next to the main library building .
in addition , police had been stationed around the entire area and a sharpshooter was on the roof of the library .
and in addition , there was a strain of melancholy that seemed to hover around her , the bleed-through of a people 's tragic history .
`` it means that in addition to your owning half the diamonds you find , you 'll get an extra two pounds for every week you work .
in addition , jamie would have been willing to bet his life that van der merwe was not putting up one shilling .
in addition , god had given peter the gift of persuasion , and he was able to charm diffident young girls into the backseats of cars , into barns , and into beds .
in addition , 324 people were blacklisted in the industry , and hundreds of innocent lives were destroyed .
`` in addition to being the creator , you 'll be the story editor , and supervise the other writers . ''
in addition , mr. kenner spent a number of years advising the pentagon and in fact was so involved with them that he even underwent some sort of training for a period of time . ''
it was morton 's original sheet , now with additions to it : 662262 3982293 24fxe 62262 82293 terror mt .
in addition , prior to 1989 , adjectives such as dire , unprecedented , dreaded were not common in television reports or newspaper headlines .
in addition to the folks at pocket books who undertook to publish this project , i 'd like to thank chuck verrill , who agented the deal and served as liaison between pocket books and abc-tv .
over the next twenty years , forty-eight square meters of additional amber panels , most emblazoned with the romanov crest and elaborate decorations , were added to the original thirty-six square meters , the additions necessary since the thirty-foot walls in the catherine palace towered over the original room the amber had graced .
in addition , given josef loring 's intense postwar efforts in the harz region , his passion for amber , and the unlimited amount of money and resources available to him , perhaps loring did find the amber .
fellner 's burg herz was similar , the innovation a common architectural addition for fifteenth and sixteenth century fortresses .
brianna perked up , crunched her perfect abs , brought her new additions to attention , and said , `` god , i hate those people . ''
they ate in the fellowship hall , an ugly metal addition stuck to the side of the chapel , where folding tables were covered with all manner of home-cooked recipes .
in addition to handing out mccarthy materials , most of these volunteers would distribute brochures for judge thomas harrison .
he was dressed precisely as kyle had said , but with the addition of a pair of round tortoise-shell eyeglasses .
the addition of nigel 's dreadful face to the collection did nothing to improve its overall attractiveness .
in addition , police found a hotel key from the carillon du lac , apparently lost during the violence on the guisan quai .
another man appeared in the doorway , also wearing a white jacket , but with the addition of a chef 's hat .
in addition to the phone , there were four mikes in the beetle , most of them of little value but operational nonetheless .
part of his assignment , in addition to receiving this stranger from the sea , was to refrain from looking at him .
the ancient panel was equipped with a modern addition-an electronic deadbolt fit to the opposite side .
in addition to all the booze , there was a history of illicit drug use , though very little since his release .
in addition , it is far more convenient to our biomedical research institute in zhangjiang , where we will go when you are settled .
`` with the addition that when we finally located colonel smith again , he evaded us , fled , and has apparently gotten out of china altogether . ''
each successive wave added its distinctive imprint , but the town itself , like some intelligent organism , decided which additions would be preserved , which lost to history .
the state department supported a bureau of intelligence and research , in addition to its clandestine-service division , consular operations .
the eleven bedrooms were intact from its original construction ; the tennis court and pools were more recent additions .
according to lewis bornheim , a crisis is a situation in which a previously tolerable set of circumstances is suddenly , by the addition of another factor , rendered wholly intolerable .
in addition it had a center-mount homans infrared multispex camera as well as the usual electronic and radio-detection gear .
in addition , my wife would either kill me or have numerous affairs in our own bed if i permitted anything to happen to him . ''
in addition , my wife would either kill me or have numerous affairs in our own bed if i permitted anything to happen to him . ''
in addition , whenever monsieur and madame villier left the hotel for the slow three-block ride to the casino , the bulletproof limousine was flanked by armed men in expensive , well-tailored suits- until the luxurious vehicle arrived at the steps of the majestic gambling establishment , where their counterparts took over .
for you 're a learned man , a brilliant man , and in addition to my devotion to your cause , i 'm honored to know you.. .. come , we 'll leave now , and i shall press my energies to their zenith . ''
besides , in addition to the two gentlemen in front , there 's a second car behind us with four other gentlemen armed to their bicuspids . ''
in addition , rolled up at the bow was a black tarpaulin that could be released over the entire raft , engine included .
`` bedroom , bath , office , and an addition on the north wall that contains a small personal chapel with its own altar .
the german intelligence officer had said there was an addition on the right that housed the isolated living quarters of the man called gunter jdger .
additions had been made on the left as well , she thought , observing the lighter , newer wood , twenty-five or thirty feet long , and considering the width to the river side , enough for two , three , or four added rooms for the staff .
in addition , radar and radio signals that flare out over the trees on all sides , capable of intercepting missiles as far away as two hundred kilometers ; they trigger our own heat-seeking counter missiles- '' `` like the patriots in d-storm , '' captain dietz interrupted .
unfortunately , at ground level , a twelve-foot-high stone wall surrounds the entire chateau with only one break in addition to the gates .
in addition , interpolts search for him was spoken of in cloudedterms , implying a secret manhunt that had been inprogress for a number of days , if not weeks. ``
there was a perceptible lull , but only among thecrowd around the girl , who now held up the radio.suddenly there was a burst of static and conversecould hear two voices , in addition to that of thenewscaster , a remote report from somewhere awayfrom the radio .
in addition , the liaison and contact men between these `` subcontractors '' and the kretek core cadre have a striking history of violent death and sudden disappearance , rendering a court-viable chain of evidence between kretek and his individual operations difficult if not impossible to establish .
in addition to watching the glacial surface , smith found himself covering val as she worked and eyeing the mountain slopes above for a variety of potential threats : snow cornices , avalanche chutes , and the possibility of camouflaged observers .
and yes , gregori , in addition to my myriad other gifts , talents , and charms , i am a rather capable gunsmith . ''
in addition to being a threat to their personal revenge , lerner 's presence in the field was a wild card , one that he and fadi had n't taken into consideration .
'in addition to being a professional murderer , he 's a liar and a thief , always , even when he was a small boy . '
in addition to its key-word changing every week , it had a floating algorithm tied into the key-word .
in addition to the usual practical office ensemble of desk , chairs , credenzas , cabinets , and the like was a clubby section off to the right dominated by a leather sofa and matching chairs , a glass-and-steel coffee table , lamps , and a sideboard set up as a bar .
in addition , a rally of teenagers protesting new rulings on curriculum at the university had begun to gather at the pagoda .
instead of one shell , he now had the full complement of nine in addition to a silencer that precluded disturbing the revered dead in a revered mausoleum .
the addition of a rifle to the smaller weapon was a sign of max-alert , the intruder understood this , and smiled to see that the guard did not think it necessary to hold the m-16 in his hands .
a fence -- high , with thick crisscrossing links embedded in green plastic , a coiled-barbed-wire addition above slanting outward .
it was also , in its way , ominous , for , in addition to a high flexible antenna , thick curved plexiglas shields shot up from all sides , bulletproof windows that protected the driver from gunfire while alerting by radio anyone inside the residences of an assault .
she 's made the options clear , which every attorney understands , and the inevitability of her logic , in addition to her lovely face , crowned by that dark red hair , makes my decision also inevitable . ''
he had been to the chapel only once before , humorously berating his brother-in-law for spending good money on a useless addition to tranquility inn .
bourne 's back where he was in europe thirteen years ago , maybe with his wife , maybe not , the only difference being that in addition to carlos and interpol and every other police authority on the continent ready to waste him on sight , he 's got another lethal monkey on his back . ''
scaled-down replicas of towns and cities , waterfronts and airports , military and scientific installations from the mediterranean to the atlantic , north to the baltic and up the gulf of bothnia , were represented within its boundaries , all in addition to the american acreage .
he counted the other vehicles in addition to the fuel truck ; there were nine parked by the fence -- two station wagons , four sedans and three suburban vans , all american-made or simulated as such .
making her way to the ladder , she descended to the mid-deck where , in addition to the sleep stations , food and storage lockers , and the bathroom , were three special liftoff chairs for her , randall wallace , another mission specialist , and david carter , the payload specialist .
in addition to being the air force chief of staff , richardson was also codirector of the space security division , which was responsible for identifying and monitoring everything that was either approaching earth or in orbit around it .
in addition to housing first-strike bombers and fighter aircraft , and serving as the usual landing zone for the shuttle , the base had another , much less public function : it was one of the nation 's six staging areas for raid teams that would be activated in the event of a chemical-biological incident .
it was a sprawling and bewildering configuration of additions and wings , with a maze of hallways and corridors and mezzanines trying desperately to connect everything .
in addition to thomas fink , three other attorneys were working on the muldanno case , and wally felt the need to call them every fifteen minutes with instructions , and the latest on clifford .
with additions stuck here , and wings added over there as an afterthought , there had been created over the course of time little nooks and alleys seldom used and rarely discovered by lost security guards .
in addition , a similar sum appeared to have been applied to a phantom randd program haldane had never heard of .
in addition , forty-two nations reported cases in the high millions of what appeared to be a heavy common cold .
in addition , you withstood extreme punishment when a gesture of submission on your part would have meant you were prepared to deliver the information demanded of you .
in addition , if the full extent of the damage in virginia and colorado was known , we might lose staff control .
highly qualified nurses were coveted additions to any staff ; no one questioned her arrival and no one would stop her in her swift departure .
within seventy-two hours three more were added , in addition to six television stations owned by five of the papers .
in addition to canvas knapsacks across their backs and the bound , waterproofed weapons clipped to their belts , each wore large , circular suction cups strapped to their knees and forearms .
the terra-cotta mission roof tiles were a late addition and sat oddly on a structure that had been built and rebuilt over centuries .
`` a relatively recent addition - the last few decades , i 'd guess , done when the plumbing got modernized . ''
in addition , gifts from various emissaries were stationed at strategic perches , and there were others , in storage , that could be brought out when representatives of the nation in question came to visit .
in addition to his handcuffs , tequila was adorned with wrist and ankle chains since his crime was especially violent , though he looked fairly harmless when he was shuffled into the courtroom with the next wave of offenders .
she was currently unmarried and trying to raise , in addition to her two remaining sons , two young nieces who belonged to a sister who 'd been sent to prison for selling crack .
a circled paragraph read : in addition to its headquarters in palo alto , where ingen maintains an ultra-modern 200,000 square foot research laboratory , the company runs three field laboratories around the world .
and in addition , the skin was extremely unusual , it seemed to be a sort of bright mottled green , but there was something about it ...
in addition to which i 'd spent three years with tutors , and although hardly a learned woman , i was given to better things than the giddy talk of ignorant girls from the hills .
a corporate statement is expected shortly , but none from walther verachten who is reported to be seriously ill. odile verachten was a dramatically attractive addition to the boardrooms of this city of coldly efficient executives .
in addition to this vital link , there was a holstered weapon-a .45 star pd auto pistol with five clips of ammunition-a belt-scabbarded hunting knife , a flashlight , a pair of night-vision binoculars , charts of tortola and the nearby islands , a fir staid kit , a bottle of flesh antiseptic , and two flasks-one filled with spring water , the other with mckenna sour-mash bourbon .
in addition , no one was to leave the compound for any reason , which partially explained why , to a man-except for command personnel-each was single or unattached .
`` in addition to the electrified main gate , '' she continued , `` we 've erected a gatehouse a hundred fifty feet before the main , complete with two armed guards and a steel barrier . ''
in addition , she 'd be in a workplace where there were a lot of civilian guys , and with her class probably rich .
the addition of poultry to our varied exports of produce from america 's heartland has long been a dream of atlantic crown .
in addition , and in the spirit of corporate conviviality , she also agreed to keep the door to alistair mcdowell 's office unlocked .
clive floated through life , the attractive addition to very social functions , adding little but his presence , and , in seeming contradiction , a devoted husband to a wife who had no regard whatsoever for the marriage covenant .
some native jewelry and one particularly exquisite tapestry will make wonderful additions to our collection . ''
in addition to the service elevators descending to the massive kitchens below , each floor had a good-sized pantry where tea , coffee , hors d'oeuvres , and sandwiches could be prepared for quick deliveries .
the charles de gaulle was the newest and largest addition to the navies of western europe , and anyone observing , who knew the telltale signs , would realize something significant was happening aboard that wednesday night .
most seemed conceived with sobriety , but humor and satire were also evident , along with several titillating pornographic additions .
in front , two more patrol cars , the newest additions to the fleet , led the invasion as it cleared military checkpoints and entered the civilian world .
in addition to his three-year stint for smuggling pot , he had been sentenced to sixty days for his part in a barroom brawl in gulfport , though the time was suspended due to an overcrowded jail .
on the job for two years now , appointed by the president , he had found it all rather mundane , and though it was a fabulous addition to his resume , it was somewhat unfulfilling .
in addition to the one for his pickup , the collection includes six others of varying shapes and designs .
in addition , dee ray has accumulated a variety of luggage , the sturdiest cases he could , and all on rollers .
in addition to hating lawyers , my father also frequently spewed forth venom on the subject of labor unions .
in addition to the money , she receives from me a commitment to assist with various chores around the place , -primarily lawn and garden work .
bruiser 's strip is labeled greenway plaza , and as i sit in my car in the littered lot i notice , in addition to the cleaners and video rental , a liquor store and a small coffee shop .
in addition to the request to remove the case , drummond has his morion for security of costs and morion for sanctions .
they were especially delighted with the unexpected addition of mr. herman grimes , the first blind juror in the history of anyone 's memory .
in addition to these sixteen , he said , tapping his pointing stick in his left hand , there may well be other , yet undetected , carcinogens present in tobacco smoke .
`` and , your honor , in addition to the seventy-one-count 'em , seventy-one ! -motions to exclude evidence , they 've filed exactly eighteen motions for continuances . ''
in addition to those three , he had young holly , and joe boy , a local private eye with incredibly soft feet , and dante , a black ex-cop from d.c. , and dubaz , another coast boy with a lengthy record .
now , in addition to the aftereffects of the cancer , he suffered from heart disease and emphysema .
all jury experts claimed to welcome the addition of shine royce , though most had difficulty with their reasoning .
ludendorff had often suggested to hitler and the others that this man who called himself heinrich kroeger was a dangerous addition to their working circle .
mccall an in addition to being a serious wall street player , had served in more than one administration in washington ; he 'd have no shortage of contacts and connections .
he handed her a sheet of paper stamped secret , noforn , and no contract those classifications stipulated that , in addition to high-level secrecy constraints , it was under no circumstances releasable to foreign nationals or contract employees .
in addition , there were documents for `` paula simon '' and other spousal identities : if robert simon needed to travel with his `` wife , '' he 'd be prepared .
in addition to the figures he 'd recognized from the photograph , there was the fabled magnate cyrus weston , whose steel empire had exceeded even that of andrew carnegie 's , and avery henderson , who was regarded by business historians as the twentieth century 's most important financier after john pierpont morgan .
`` in addition , if the jury finds you guilty of grand larceny , you will lose your license to practice law . ''
in addition to the manufacturer , physician , and pharmacist , the defendants also included a local drug salesman and his brokerage company out of new orleans .
printed on the silk master key was , in addition to the alphanumeric substitution grid , a series of code groups that represented commonly used phrases that might be employed by an agent in the field : `` have arrived safely , '' say , or `` safe house located . ''
she 's a prominent dancer , in addition to which her father is a general , and she 's sleeping with a german diplomat .
in addition to these blessings , as of last night chipper owes his bookie $ 13,000 , the result of an unwise investment in the brewers game george rathbun is still bellowing about .
on the right , the building sprouts additions like outsized sheds , more like growths than afterthoughts .
in addition to this , there are complicated loops of white string secured with a child 's oversized bow .
he opened the mcgee file and took out the latest additions-the six letters andy had mailed less than two weeks ago .
in addition he would wave and point into his rearview mirror , waiting to see me nod every time in acknowledgment .
he 'd saved for years to start his own business , doing additions onto houses , carpentry work , stuff he 'd always wanted to do .
my brother-in-law just should n't be faced with dealing with a mess , in addition to everything else . ''
`` in the meantime , in addition to someone searching poppy 's closet and making a big mess in there and in her bedroom , the wynns were looking for something all over the house and tossed it around worse than the first burglar . ''
but zane , with the self-assured addition to his attitude , was hitting buttons ty hadn '' t even known he possessed .
the first half of the day had been perfect , only to be marred by the addition of the two criminals in love in the backseat .
he helped me into the tub ; in addition to the pain inflicted by izel , my large belly made it difficult to do on my own .
`` in exchange for all information on vonnegut and an ongoing hunt for him , the united states would remain deaf and blind to your operations , and in addition , would provide you with all necessary essentials-funds , authorization into top secret files , anything-when working an assignment for us . ''
she sits tied to that chair ; her legs and ankles and torso wrapped many times and pulled so tight she can hardly move ; her forearms and wrists are bound to the metal arms , in addition to the chains and cuffs .
three more times-in addition to the probably ten others before that one-the little boy bangs against the back of my seat , until finally the mother hurriedly leaves with him , apologizing to me again just before she walks away with her young son 's hand clasped in hers .
in addition , the mission objective , nicknamed the `` football , '' had to be discovered and secured .
in addition to the quaint port , the other prime attraction to the island was the cliffs of glacial point .
in addition to the purchase price , he had been forced to take out a large loan to convert the aged research vessel into a modern salvage ship : adding a hydraulic cargo crane , upgrading to a five-ton capacity a-frame , and overhauling the caterpillar marine diesel engine .
near the stern , jack noted new additions to the flight deck : three large cranes and winch assemblies .
with these new additions , the total number of individual glyphs is now over five hundred , and the list of compound glyphs has grown into the range of ten thousand .
`` in addition , we 've employed anna fong so we can communicate with any natives of the region : peasants , indians , trappers , whoever .
in addition to the two o'briens , he shared the space with professor kouwe , richard zane , and anna fong .
olin pasternak scowled at the beast , then mumbled under his breath and turned away , clearly unimpressed by the newest addition to the team .
in addition to the weapons , each of the three teams had been equipped with one of the rangers ' short-range saber radios , to keep in contact with one another .
nate and his father remained in the entrance , while kouwe explained about the addition to their team and what they had found below .
in addition , geneticists were flocking to study the tribe , to investigate the alterations to their dna , both to understand how it had been achieved and perhaps to discover a way to reverse the species-altering effects of the yagga .
each marked additions and extensions built as the menard clan had grown over the past century and a half .
in addition , the dock housed cassandra 's command boat , a hydrofoil capable of rocketing to speeds in excess of a hundred knots .
under the auspices of sigma , painter had personally requested the man 's addition to the who team .
most of the guild 's work now rested a thousand feet underwater , a new addition to the deepwater home of the predatory squids .
in addition , the military museums associated with the fortress-the norwegian resistance museum and the armed forces museum-were being readied for the visiting groups , as were the lower sections of the castle itself , where guides would lead tours into the ancient dungeons and dark passages , sharing the stories of ghosts and witches that had always haunted the gloomy fortress .
in addition to the one on the island , two submarine volcanoes had begun to boil the seas , spewing lava along the seabed and building steadily higher .
tucker 's dog squirmed forward , sniffing , wanting to get the scent of the newest addition to their pack .
he was not what most women would consider handsome , with his shaved head and stocky but muscular physique , but he still could make her melt with his smile and she 'd never met a man with a bigger heart , a heart that only grew larger with each addition to the household .
it unlocked before he touched it , triggered by the tiny glass-encased rfid chip implanted in his upper arm , another bodily addition like his magnets .
once she was secure , monk and duncan had headed to the central district of the small port town to retrieve the final additions to their team .
clyde straightened from his work , wiping a bloody cloth across his latest addition to the tapestry that was duncan 's body .
in addition to the fact that his dick was hanging out , something told him a sudden reach for the bag would not be the smart play .
in addition to black snakeskin boots and faded blue jeans , he wore a bloody white t-shirt with sweat marks extending down from the armpits .
in addition to orson thomas and david parker , he was also roger garrison , brad harping , patrick mulligan , and vincent carmichael .
in addition to stinking of onions , the car has been running hot and he worries it wo n't endure the remainder of his journey .
maybe that was why she did n't have much of a love life-in addition to the fact that she refused to date anyone who worked at the prison , which ruled out most of the men in crescent city .
telling herself to be diplomatic-she or virgil might need rick 's support as they navigated the next few weeks-she tried to bear up under the stress of having him around , in addition to what weston jager had said in his note , and forced a smile as she walked in .
he could n't wait to cradle this latest addition to their family in his arms and feel he had half a chance of protecting what they 'd fought so hard to create .
vivian did n't think she could cope with that right now , not in addition to the pressure and worry she was already experiencing .
she felt terrible about that , in addition to everything else , but laurel was n't the only friend she 'd neglected .
whatever injuries he sustained there were in addition to the truck accident or , as the police implied , a fight with barker .
a calculated conquest because now , in addition to getting exactly what he wanted from you at the cabin , you 're going to help him . ''
by the time the reverend became bold enough to invade her room , in addition to the occasional forced visits to his office , she was so ashamed and mortified by the thought of someone seeing those pictures that he no longer had to threaten her .
in addition to the payments on his manhattan flat and vehicles-not to mention parking for those vehicles-he 'd spent a fortune on private investigators , skip tracers , airfare , hotels and rental cars .
or she could read it ... . she thought of the events ahead of her -- her wedding on december 5 , the birth of her first child a year or two after that , the addition of other children .
she 's too fragile to deal with the issues between her and her father in addition to the current crisis . ''
`` remember that husband and wife in canada who victimized the wife 's sister in addition to murdering two other girls ? ''
the mirror affixed to the ceiling of the master bedroom might be a tacky addition , but certainly was n't proof of wrongdoing .
with the addition of the scabs over a multitude of cuts and scratches , the unwashed mess her black hair had become and the gash on her forehead , which had required ten stitches , she could almost pass for the bride of frankenstein .
in addition to that , he patches up other people 's animals-any animals , really-just because he 's good at it .
robert would be all too happy to think he 'd achieved his goal ; she could n't deal with that in addition to everything else .
and for you to do this to him in addition to everything else he 's endured ... . '' despite her heartbreak , a spark of anger came to jane 's rescue .
she wanted to get up and pace , but she did n't move for fear she 'd wake kate and have her daughter 's questions to answer in addition to her own .
the buildings had recently been painted ; a new addition stuck out from the main hall like an extra appendage .
once she 'd locked that door , she flipped the light switch on , and i realized that , in addition to the cup of ice she held in her left hand , she held a sparkly mint-green shirt in her right .
in addition to creating those fascinating hallucinations you 're currently viewing , it makes you vulnerable to suggestion .
in addition to the art deco furnishings , there was a scattering of other antiques reflecting the history of jandj .
in addition , she had no problem with the concept of working for an investigation agency that specialized in the paranormal .
in addition to having the usual paranormal provenance , every single one of them should have been classified as weapons-grade artifacts according to the company guidelines . ''
`` well , as a matter of fact , in addition to managing the office , i 'm an investigator in the firm , '' isabella said .
`` so , in addition to the infighting , betrayals and backstabbings , we 'll be seeing some corporate espionage among the remaining circles . ''
she had no way of knowing how many more were out there in addition to the one she controlled , but she had to assume that there were other cells that possessed a version of the formula .
i could at least console myself with knowing that i now had a hand-picked team and , once again , we were assembled in the back room , boosted by the addition of john pitcairn , a more formidable proposition for either of our two opponents .
in addition to lateen sails , she was square-rigged , european-style , on the mainmast and mizzenmast ; and there was an oar deck below the cannon , thirty oars to a side .
it would be early still , but he 'd ring the bell until she awoke in her apartment above it , and he hoped she 'd be pleased to see him-or at least , the new addition to her library .
those diamonds he 'd taken from the slave traders had come in very handy , a welcome addition to the campaign fund .
ezio was pleased to see that the herald clearly thought he 'd made an important and wealthy new addition to his flock .
i teach at bryce twice a week and provide counseling for staff and students in addition to maintaining my practice off campus .
in addition to the original detectives searching for amanda , and the two who 'd been assigned to locate ray likanski , the entire cac division was now clocking overtime on one case .
besides ourselves and broussard and poole , several cops from the cac unit worked the surveillance , and in addition to gutierrez and mullen we observed a rogues ' gallery of cheese olamon 's men .
along the way , he 'd pick up a few cases of heineken and several bottles of bacardi , because in addition to having the world 's smallest brain , tony t seemed determined to have the world 's hardest liver , and then he 'd hunker down in the cabin and watch cartoons on nickelodeon until someone came to get him .
he held my hand and thanked me with tears in his eyes , and he told me the story of how he 'd met pearse through diane bourne , who in addition to being his therapist had also been his lover .
when i finished , angie said , `` so the upshot is that in addition to not getting the job with duhamel-standiford , the world 's worst mother lost her child again , you did n't agree to help , but someone mugged you , threatened you , and beat the shit out of you anyway .
and james , who in addition to being a businessman and a mechanic , was , it turned out , an ordained minister and justice of the peace , held up his bible and said , `` i believe we have a solution to your dilemma . ''
in addition , three nights a week , you were required to sleep at the station house , in the fetid beds on the top floor , which were lice- or bug-ridden and had just been slept in by the poor slob who would take your place on the next patrol .
he announced that in addition to the regiments mayor peters had called up , he had asked brigadier general nelson bryant to assume command of the state response to the crisis .
in addition to a burgeoning career in prostitution , the mexican turned out to be a former member of pancho villa 's division del norte who was wanted in his homeland on charges of treason .
in addition , it was her instinct for philanthropy , coupled with joe and esteban 's need to clean their money , that led to joe 's buying up roughly 5 percent of ybor city .
not to mention that in addition to all of their differences , he had another female out there who had some cosmic destiny to be his .
because of lachlain , she could now determine that she enjoyed - in addition to getting gifts from vending machines and popping bubble wrap - showers big enough for two , stripping to his riveted gaze , drinking straight from the tap , and night-blooming flowers .
`` he said he put the man on the plane himself so he could tend to any mortals who might cause a problem about such a last-minute flight addition .
considering he was breed , in addition to being armed to his fangs with firearms and combat gear , rattling someone like him was no small thing .
the three most recent additions to the order 's ranks -- kade , brock , and chase -- were dressed in basic black patrol gear , from their lug-soled docs and dark denim , to their black shirts , leather jackets , and arsenal of semiautomatics and blades that rode at their hips .
in addition , she resented the fact that lord maccon might be thought to have anything whatsoever to do with the fact-aside from the obvious , of which her family was as yet unaware-that she was off her food .
in addition , he would have her at his mercy and disposal , thus able to extract al truths from her ad nauseam .
the french , who , in addition to a marked preference for ridiculous mustaches , had a propensity for highly civilized mechanicals , were prepared for vast amounts of luggage .
it was difficult to see the exact nature of his expression as , in addition to the ubiquitous mustache , the clockmaker also wore a golden-brown beard of such epic proportions as might dwarf a mulberry bush .
in addition , alexia could not recal if the inventor had told her whether or not the numbing agent even worked on the supernatural .
passengers-there was room for three in addition to the pilot-were suspended in nappylike leather seats the top of which strapped about the waist .
they ran pel -mel into a line of laundry stretched across the street , taking a pair of trousers and a gentleman 's shirtfront with them , in addition to a string of french curses .
in addition to the melon , chunks of crunchy , salted bread , white with flour , were on offer , as well as a hard , sharp yel ow cheese , apples , and a pitcher of some dark liquid that smel ed like heaven .
progress was a little slower now , because some of the party broke away occasionally to have a fight amongst themselves or an impromptu hunt , and in addition to the king of lancre there was now , bobbing through the heather , the fox , a stunned stag , a wild boar , and a weasel who 'd been suspected of looking at a nac mac feegle in a funny way .
in addition to his disheveled aspect , tunstell was looking quite tragic , in a shakespearean comedy kind of way .
madame lefoux had been a surprise addition to the party , although she probably was not adding much to the conversation .
`` and from the perspective of those in need , that extra quarter of a million bucks your material person spent on the prestige addition for his house looks like an awful lot of lifesaving food and medicine that could have existed if the jerk with the big house in the suburbs had n't blown it all to artificially inflate his sociogeographic penis . ''
even jagger and luna , who were far from what i 'd call best friends , could be a nice addition to this town .
in class , dimity , sidheag , and agatha noticed the addition of bumbersnoot to sophronia 's attire but said nothing .
in addition , valentine confronted alexander head-on , not only declaring i was inadequate for my vampire boyfriend , but also trying to read his soul .
in addition to excellent night vision , she 'd always had a sense of radar that prevented her from running into obstacles .
in addition , she was in danger from her own predatory nature , which would clamor to claim her even without her consent .
he felt it unnecessary to inform her that , in addition , the human doctors would have discovered the new abnormalities in her blood , and his species could never allow such a discovery .
in addition to feeling as though he 'd been run over by a truck - repeatedly - his mouth was cotton-dry and his head was ringing with the relentless beep and hiss of electronic machinery somewhere nearby .
in addition to her assortment of self- inflicted injuries , her jeans and long-sleeved black sweater were torn and ragged .
in addition to the practical contents ( a flashlight , a candle , and matches ) , the drawer held the strange mementoes of my strange life .
jerry -- who actually possessed a legal new jersey driver 's license in addition to his fake one from new york state that made him officially eighteen and therefore old enough to buy booze -- had his own car .
`` in addition to the sip-and-strip clubs he tends to frequent , our boy murdock also seems to prefer his blood hosts on the rare side - as in very young .
add to that the fact that jenna 's body seemed to heal from injuries at a rate similar to that of lucan 's kind , combined with her newfound superhuman strength and agility , and the former trooper from alaska was shaping up to be one hell of an addition to the order 's personnel arsenal .
`` they 've only been here two days , '' lanthe answered , not seeming to like the new additions any more than carrow did .
basically , they had much the same regulations that ruled wolf clubs the world over , along with the addition of the `` no harm to the humans '' rules jodie had mentioned .
his nondescript features were only emphasized by the addition of a fantastic crimson velvet top hat .
in addition to the hat , he was wearing the very latest in evening attire , as if he were about to attend a theatrical performance in one of london 's finer theaters .
scanning it , i realized it was a legal document , david 's handwritten addition stating that i had witnessed the destruction of the fish , unaware of its abilities .
her hair was up in one scary-looking spiked ponytail , and her makeup was the usual rice paper and dead black , with the addition of dark cherry lipstick .
she had the countdown clock - a new addition to the lab , one she 'd ordered from the internet - up on the wall , and the red flickering numbers reminded both of them that myrnin had a maximum of five hours of sanity from the current formulation of the treatment .
with kisten 's help , ceri had e-mailed me the earth charm i needed to make the disguise amulets , with her additions to turn it into an illegal doppelganger spell .
there were a lot of charms on the table , this second pair of inertia-dampening spells being a quick , guilty addition .
the addition to the church , where it stood now , was n't sanctified , though , and it looked bewildered , wearing a dark red robe that looked somewhere between a kimono and what lawrence of arabia might wear on his day off .
she arrived at the worktable , where her circuitry ( with myrnin 's incomprehensible additions ) quietly hummed away .
seeking domination and emotional manipulation rather than commitment , gender did n't enter into the equation - though the undead would n't turn down the addition of sex , since it imparted an even more intense feeling of domination , akin to rape even with a willing partner .
with the addition of a full white mob cap and a very humble expression , she looked every inch the housekeeper she wished to portray .
in addition to a well-fortified holding area and brick walls , there were no less than fourteen bedrooms , a goodly number of receiving parlors , and several precarious-looking but fully functional towers , one of which lord and lady maccon utilized as their boudoir .
alexia knew well her friend 's style and design aesthetic , so she looked for any small protrusion or unusual sculptural addition to the barrel , something that might be pressed or pulled .
the brochure said hecate had made `` extensive additions to the original structure '' over the years .
in addition to the mildew-rific showers , there were also a bunch of claw-foot tubs against one wall , separated by waist-high partitions .
in addition to that , he performed simple spells for the people of lower quinton : potions for gout , the occasional love spelll ... simple harmless things .
she was thinking of sheriff hannah moses , who would be good company in addition to a bad-ass bodyguard ; she 'd liked hannah from the moment she 'd met her , and she thought hannah liked her , too , as much as a tough ex- soldier could like a skinny , geeky girl half her age .
and there must have been at least ten of them , in addition to another ten or fifteen of morley 's crew , crammed into the small adobe building .
`` good 2 u '' `` fire '' `` guilty as charged '' `` call in the cavalry '' `` troubled land '' `` luisa 's bones '' `` looking pretty , pretty '' `` post blue ( dave bascombe mix ) '' `` running up that hill '' `` sister rosetta ( capture the spirit ) '' `` circle the fringes '' `` nighttiming '' `` i ca n't do it alone '' `` wish we were older '' `` that dress looks nice on you '' `` kill kill '' `` i love you good-bye '' `` prime mover '' `` i do n't live in a dream '' `` down boy '' `` people c'mon '' `` the future 's nothing new '' `` snakes and lions '' `` gift '' `` world ca n't have her '' dave mason daniel lanois gym class heroes the shys john mellencamp crooked fingers tab the band placebo placebo noisettes the gutter twins coconut records 30h ! 3 metro station sufjan stevens lizzy grant thomas dolby steve stevens jackie greene yeah yeah yeahs delta spirit the alternate routes melpo mene curve cobra verde `` go my way ( the ipod song ) '' `` do n't let the devil take your mind '' `` keeper '' `` lonely ghosts '' `` mama told me ( not to come ) '' `` 2080 '' `` wild life '' `` architeuthis '' `` on fire '' `` i 'm good , i 'm gone '' `` disappearing '' bacon brothers jackie greene butterfly boucher o+s three dog night yeasayer bacon brothers bacon brothers jj grey and mofro lykke li simon collins more playlists at about the author in addition to the morganville vampires series , rachel caine is the author of the popular weather warden series , which includes ill wind , heat stroke , chill factor , windfall , firestorm , thin air , gale force , and cape storm .
in addition , i am trained in three schools of martial arts and have an expert-marksman rating in a shooting range of eleven hundred feet .
`` so , in addition to dealing with the continuing problem of the rogues , now we 're coming up against breed vampires hopped up on crimson too .
in addition to several exterior and ground-level , entry-point photos , she 'd taken interior shots of the boiler room , various corridors , stairwells , and even a few containing inadvertent images of mounted security cameras that would need to be disabled once the warriors gained access to the place .
i 'm referring to the latest sensation on dvn-not a show , but an advertisement for the most recent addition to vampire fusion cuisine , a mixture of synthetic blood and chardonnay called blardonnay , which is , of course , manufactured by one of our sponsors , romatech industries . ''
an unplanned late addition to the family , or as my father called it , an accident of cosmic proportions . ''
in addition to the sword on his back , he 'd strapped a knife to each calf and holstered an automatic around his hips .
it had n't taken long for leah to determine that the zombie girl was suffering from severe malnutrition in addition to whatever drug she 'd been given .
the two thugs would have made an excellent addition to his growing stable -- they knew the trade and had obviously earned their stripes under benloise : there were a lot of kilos in those metal suitcases they had in their hands , but the humans were coolheaded and calm .
because it turned out , in addition to a phobia about medical crap , there was another little glitch in her hardwiring : the idea of standing up in front of a ton of people and being the focus of attention during their mating made her want to vomit .
and that was in addition to the condition the guy 's face was in , courtesy of whatever he 'd slammed the thing into .
the only `` bad '' thing was a bene , anyway : the popcorn machine was a recent addition - and an odd sort of battlefield .
like all of the breed , he had , in addition to the vampiric traits of his father , certain unique extrasensory abilities passed down from the human female who bore him .
sterling chase , the ex - darkhaven enforcement agent who 'd joined up with the order last year and had proven to be a formidable - enthusiastically lethal - addition to the group , was present and accounted for too .
claire dropped her backpack at the bottom of the stairs -- she always put it where it was easy to grab in mid-run -- and spotted a new addition to the lab : a cage .
in addition to officer fenton , the group that gathered in the shed behind the photo processing store included fenton 's wife , the unpleasant nurse , who treated claire like she was carrying some totally disgusting disease .
strappi looked pleased at having spotted that one , and went on , `` point two : in addition to its soldiers , ankh-morpork has sent vimes the butcher , the most evil man in that evil city .
i think you and she would be very happy there and you would make positive additions to the underworld .
in addition to caleb 's own double memories , which covered only the summer , tyler had apparently talked to him over the phone the previous fal and winter about the mysterious events surrounding mr. tanner 's death and everything that fol owed .
regin stood and brandished one of the two swords that she usually wore in sheaths crisscrossed over her back - in addition to the dagger sheath she customarily wore on her forearm .
`` in addition to your regular white-reaper prevention detail , you will be madison 's guardian angel .
and we do scan this area every six months to record changes , but maybe the tunnels are a recent addition .
pascal 's was reading minds , and mine-in addition to the strength and quick healing that came with being a brannick-was sensing prodigium .
in addition to the running track circling it , the field also boasted several sets of rickety-looking bleachers .
in addition to giving me time to figure out homework , those ten days let me get closer to romy and dex .
apparently we 'd been paired up based on who sat closest to us , so in addition to romy , our group included adam .
all of the breed were born with their own unique talents -- or curses , in some cases -- in addition to the longevity , strength , and bloodthirst that were traits of their kind .
`` too bad andreas reichen is n't here to add some fire to this party , '' chase added , referring to the most recent addition to the order 's ranks , the former darkhaven leader from germany .
between the burning tent and the surviving members of the cirque du freak stood a new addition c a hastily constructed gallows .
this , in addition to freedom from the lake of souls , was evanna 's gift to me c and the last part of the gift as far as mr tiny was aware .
in addition to the heels , he wore yellow checked gaiters , gold satin breeches , an orange and lemon striped waistcoat , and an evening jacket of sunny pink brocade .
in addition to being bur 's supernatural liaison and alpha of the woolsey castle pack , lord maccon was an agent of queen victoria 's shadow parliament .
in addition to the massive bride 's cake and the piles of nutty groom 's cakes for the guests to take home , there were rhubarb tarts , stewed cherries , fresh strawberries and purple grapes , gravy boats of clotted cream , and plum pudding .
in addition to wanting lucan thorne and his band of warriors put out of business , dragos had also returned to one of his initial mission objectives : the systematic and total extinction of every gen one breed on the planet .
`` except in addition to the dna replications we found in her last sample results and the other things she 's mentioned , jenna now also has a glyph. ``
in addition to the scandal of even being involved , mikhail had actually wanted to hunt down sonya when she was a strigoi to free her from that twisted state .
he was carrying her full weight in addition to however much that chain weighed and none of it seemed to slow him down in the slightest .
there was a plethora of things she wanted done related to the gathering in addition to his normal duties .
or why more and more she preferred to hear him speak aloud in addition to thinking thoughts when he was at a distance .
though she tried to obscure it with other thoughts , she was too used to relying on her shields , and he had a whole new level of psy- chic clarity in addition to his own to defrost the window of her mind .
as a result , in addition to his carefully rationed store of blood packed in his cooler backpack , he carried something even more im- portant .
i do n't know what it is , but - `` kaitlyn broke off , realizing that in addition to all the other physical symptoms she was shivering .
since there was no access to the storage room from inside , anyone who wanted to see damon had to go out the front door and around to the addition tacked on near the kitchen garden .
the branch , which was proper javelin size , had gone through damon 's shoulder , which must hurt like hel , in addition to having splattered a blood drop right at the corner of his mouth .
damon was wearing black boots , black jeans , a black t-shirt , and black leather jacket , in addition to his ray-bans .
elena did n't dare to try to comfort her telepathically ; that would n't fit in with the aura of a `` normal human girl '' at all , and who knew what traps or devices might be hidden here in addition to the man who kept undressing them over and over with his eyes ?
from her stance , from her tone , one could almost hear the unspoken addition , `` with my life '' - and it did n't even seem melodramatic .
in addition , talon was sitting on one - so the problem might be taken care of fairly soon , as she was ripping the material and drawing blood .
he remained unconscious , and when they finally laid him out in the back seat of matt 's car they were all bruised and exhausted , in addition to being wet from the contact with his soaking clothes .
in addition to her hatboxes , of which she took the greatest care and supervision , mrs. tunstell was accompanied by her husband , her children , their nursemaid , the wardrobe mistress , the prop master , a set designer , and six supporting cast members .
in addition , her aunt biffy and her uncle lyall were more likely to scoop her up and twirl her around when the sun was up .
in addition , the bodies appear - and i must stress that this is an early , unverified report - to have been drained of all their blood . ''
i believe gavner purl and larten crepsley when they say he will be a valuable addition to our ranks .
at that moment , bowe realized that he was meeting mari 's parents - and that , in addition to his bare feet and unshaven , rough appearance , his shirt was on backward .
`` in addition to the apple orchard i had planted here over the summer , '' he began , `` i also bought a six-foot-high , full-length mirror .
that was the one thing about jamie that separated him from me , in addition to the human , nonhuman thing .
of course the thought was quickly followed by tammy 's favorite addition : `` if it just sits in your living room , eating your food , messing up your stuff , and using your phone while taking all of your money , and never behaves as if you actually set it free in the first place ... you either married it or gave birth to it . ''
personally , she hated coming up with new syllabi and that was without the addition of a ... then again , she did have jesse .
no matter what eye color they 'd been born with , the moment they were brought back to life , in addition to being extremely light sensitive , their eyes were so dark as to be almost black .
she went to the shower and turned it on , then noticed that the clothes were n't the only additions he 'd made .
he is impressive , and given the way he savored the fight and victory , he should make a good addition to our group . ''
`` i wanted to make sure that our two newest additions did n't meet with resistance from the others . ''
i e-mailed acheron about halloween , and he said to tell you and talon that there will be two new additions moved in for it .
but in addition to being goddess of the hunt , artemis was also a healer , and a protector of children and women .
in addition to the fact that she despised him as much as he despised her , melanthe was a light-skirted liar and thief who 'd proved malicious to the bone .
in addition to all their history-and all her offendments-melanthe was a sorceri , a species that confounded him with their counterintuitive ways .
in addition to the mercreatures , she saw selkies with their seal-skin coats , tree nymphs , and satyrs .
alec was dressed in a sober black suit ; magnus , to simon 's surprise , was similarly dressed , with the addition of a long white silk scarf with tasseled ends and a pair of white gloves .
later additions to this castle , rhosh had designed in the high gothic style for his own pleasure , and his heart was warmed when those mortals who occasionally stumbled on this place thought it was a triumph .
though human visitors have not been many , still some have come , and after spending time in meditation , they have left with some small addition to their store of wisdom . ''
in addition to killing his bride 's kind , horde vampires often imprisoned them and fed nightly on their exquisite blood .
he was one of the few vampires she 'd encountered who might actually be interested in sex in addition to blood .
in addition to deadening his abilities , his doses suppressed his emotions and any appetites , whether for food-or for sex .
she was indeed absent , but there were three new inmates in addition to the sorceress from before : two more sorceri-portia , the queen of stone , and emberine , the queen of flames .
nine months later , she has a little boy , finds out sean 's married , comes home , and life goes on with the addition of a car seat in the back .
`` change her so far that the charms wo n't recognize her , '' she added , her head tilted as she assessed the latest addition to her scrapbook from hell .
it had been to celebrate the addition of a few new members , but everyone except david had treated me as if i was some sort of revered personage .
notable background : subject was taken over by bloodlust due to a curse of unknown origins and nearly killed human female danika ford in addition to her maternal grandmother , mother and older sister .
he could have stripped and presented himself as a slave , or a new addition to the harem , but he refused to relinquish his new weapons .
talk to cronus , spank the guy 's wife , kill galen while he was at his weakest and find kane , but first , he wanted to catch up with his friends and visit the newest additions to the family .
in addition , there was a fireplace large enough to park a car inside and a wall made entirely of floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking an expansive patio with a view of endless , rolling , vine-covered hills .
it can , though not the way you think ; the tablet has the ability to open portals to other points in time in addition to other dimensions .
in addition , staying here only increases the odds that i might overlap with myself , something that must be avoided .
descending the stairs i saw the same group that had been in london that first night , with the addition of lyla and another girl , her mousy-brown hair tied up into a bun .
the explanation was simple : the usual history teacher was off on maternity leave , and the current unit for both our class and the a2 class was sagean history , so mr. sylaeia would teach both classes together in addition to english .
the garage doors were fully raised when i rounded the building , the only change in my appearance the addition of the school 's v-neck jumper and my school bag .
there were clearly two questions on the lips of every single person who entered the room , but it was n't until gwen thundered in , flopped down into a chair opposite the prince , and pointed at the two newest additions to the homeroom group , that anyone was brave enough to voice their curiosity .
the guests did not stop arriving , and having been roped in as hostess , i found myself hitting repeat when explaining that the gorgeous , mirrored ballroom was based on the one in the palace of versailles , and had been the atheneas ' recent addition to the place .
she poured herself a mug with a splash of skim milk and went to her vitamins , taking the cocktail of supplements with the addition of two capsules of ibuprofen .
not to mention , with all of this , in addition to his clothes in her closet , his body in her bed , the rather luxurious roof over her head and opulent wardrobe he had provided her , he had made it abundantly clear she had his continued protection , his undivided attention and his profuse generosity .
between was the shingled roof of the main building-not a single flat surface , but one that sloped at different angles , reflecting the fact that the school had been built slowly , over centuries , and not every new addition perfectly matched the rest .
as the lunch rush began to die down , i hurried to the salad bar to do my `` side work , '' which meant this whole other job we each had to do in addition to waiting tables .
in addition to being my roommate in san francisco , sophie is vlad 's partial guardian by proxy , and my very best friend .
with the addition of some thick swarovski bracelets studded with diamonds and opals , a matching choker , and a touch of chanel no .
tiffany brought a claire chase messenger bag in addition to her purse , tucking the strap over her shoulder before striding with her head held high to meet with the werewives inside .
he opened the door to the new addition and set darcy on her feet before reaching to switch on the lights .
in addition , sarah draws on power that has been untapped for years , thanks to her broken bloodline .
my gut clenched at the thought of what i was doing when sofia suddenly walked in on me - just another addition to the growing pile of issues i was contending with .
i suspected this old hotel , with its many additions , had many such forgotten rooms and staircases .
from what wrath remembered , in addition to the guy 's great education and the quality of his thinking , he dressed in the fashion of a well-bred son of the glymera .
when benloise had given her the assignment , he 'd provided her with the make and model of the man 's suv , in addition to that address out on the hudson .
the shadow and his brother were the most recent additions to the brotherhood house , and as the owner and head chef of the ultra-old-school salvatore 's restaurant , iam had more than proved his chops with linguine-although that was not to say fritz approved of the guy getting out all those multi-gallon pots : as usual , the butler was hovering in the periphery , apoplectic that one of the household guests was doing any cooking .
in addition , there was something about the highers ' bite that caused people to forget they 'd been bit .
in addition to the nurse , there were two men dressed in suits , and a woman with skin a shade darker and infinitely more flawless than my own .
i took a closer look at it and realized that in addition to hiding the listening device , she 'd also edited the slogan on the key chain .
in addition to my blue jeans , long-sleeved navy t-shirt , boots , and navy hooded fleece jacket , i 'd also had a couple of pocketknives on me , along with a silver watch that had a long spool of garrote wire coiled inside the back .
in addition to the repository , i 'd also paid a visit to the records room , grabbed my fake jane doe files , and destroyed those , as well as erased any mention of my stay here from the computer system .
in addition to being a stone elemental , i also had the rare gift of being able to control another element-ice , though my magic in that area was far weaker .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals like jo-jo could also infuse their magic into other products , like this ointment , and give them a little extra kick .
in addition to her skull collar and matching t-shirt , sophia deveraux sported black jeans and boots .
because in addition to being a petty thief , jake the half giant was also an elemental - someone who could control one of the four elements .
but mab monroe was the one who really ran the town , in addition to her own lucrative , mob-like empire .
in addition to forcing money and sexual freebies out of vampire hookers while he was on duty , ingles had viciously raped and beaten one of the prostitutes ' teenage daughters .
in addition to leaving me the pork pit in his last will and testament , fletcher lane had also bequeathed me his house - a three-story clapboard structure that had been built before the civil war .
various improvements and additions had been made to the house over the years , none of which matched .
in addition to being a stone elemental , i also had the rare talent of being able to manipulate another element - ice .
in addition to smoothing out wrinkles , air magic was also good for disintegrating things like flesh or sandblasting blood off a floor .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals like jo-jo could also infuse their magic in various products , like the ointment she 'd just handed me .
in addition to being a social butterfly , the dwarf was also a terrible flirt , just like finn was .
in addition to treating me like a sister , finnegan lane also had an annoying tendency to analyze my sex life - along with everyone else 's .
in addition to the stone of the mansion , i could also hear the whispers of the gemstones the men and women wore on their necks , wrists , fingers , and even toes .
in addition to the giant hat on his head , the dwarf also wore snakeskin boots and another lariat tie topped with turquoise .
in addition to being my best friend , finn was the son of my mentor , fletcher lane , the old man who 'd taken me in off the streets years ago .
in addition to ( mis ) handling other people 's money , finn was also something of an information trader .
in addition to using their magic to heal people , most air elementals had a bit of precognition as well .
in addition to being a successful businessman , owen grayson also had an elemental talent for metal .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals like jo-jo deveraux could also infuse their oxygen-rich magic into certain products to give them an extra kick , like antibiotic ointment .
in addition to leaving me the pork pit and a fat chunk of change in his last will and testament , the old man had also bequeathed me his house , a three-story , clapboard structure that had been built before the civil war .
in addition to its white boards , the house was a mishmash of gray stone , brown brick , and red clay .
since so many additions had been tacked on to the house over the years , the interior layout was a bit of a labyrinth .
`` and in addition to jonah mcallister , looks like mab brought two more bodyguards along with her . ''
in addition to his banking skills , he also had a network of anonymous spies and sources that any clandestine agency would be proud of .
given the many additions that had been slapped onto the house over the years , bits and pieces of stone ran throughout the entire structure , including the front door , which was composed of black granite so hard that even a giant would have a tough time punching his way through it .
in addition to absorbing elemental magic , the metal also had the added benefit of being tougher than kevlar .
in addition to putting blood vessels and broken bones back together , air magic was also great for tearing them apart-and sandblasting bloodstains , dna , and brain matter off doors , floors , walls , and wherever else it happened to spatter .
so many additions in so many different styles had been tacked on to the house over the years that the whole structure was something of a labyrinth .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals could also infuse their magic into certain products , like creams and ointments , and give them an extra kick .
in addition to using them as symbols of their magic and allegiances , elementals could also imbue runes with power and make them perform specific functions .
she was the head cook at the pit , in addition to her side job of getting rid of any bodies i left in my wake as the spider .
in addition to humans , dwarves , giants , and vampires , ashland also had a substantial elemental population .
my foster brother collected cars like some people did glass figurines , and this convertible was the newest addition to his prized fleet .
just about the only myth that was true when it came to vampires was that they all needed blood to live , in addition to more mundane food .
in addition to using runes to identify themselves and their interests , elementals could also imbue the symbols with magic , get that power to spark to life , and make the runes perform certain functions .
in addition to absorbing and storing magic , silverstone also had the added benefit of being tougher than kevlar .
jake had tried to rob the pork pit , in addition to wanting to rape and murder me , but i showed jake just what a fatal mistake he 'd made by taking me on - just as i was going to show dekes .
in addition to the elemental power that he stole from his victims , their blood also gave dekes something else , something that blood gave so many vamps - unbelievably fast reflexes .
in addition to being rather handy with guns , finn enjoyed making the occasional explosive in his spare time , and he 'd just used his expertise to blast open the front gate .
`` in addition to killing people , this assassin also happens to be exceptionally good at cleanup . ''
in addition to using them as their personal or business symbols , elementals could also imbue runes with their magic and get those symbols to flare to life and perform specific functions - like firebombing my restaurant and hopefully killing me in the process .
in addition to the delta queen , you also have riverboats in several other cities , including memphis and new orleans , and there are rumors you 're starting a new project down in blue marsh . ''
in addition to providing protection , giants were also very , very good at enforcing one person 's unpleasant will on another - and beating you until you got the bloody message .
in addition to his love of gourmet food , delov also fancied himself something of a hunter , and more than one poor animal 's head decorated the walls of his mansion .
in addition to the deep-fried macaroni , he was also scarfing down baked phyllo cups stuffed with creamy gourmet chicken-apple salad , pineapple boats piled high with a light , airy mixture of cream cheese and toasted slivered almonds , and mini fruit tarts topped with fresh blackberries , raspberries , and strawberries .
`` now , in addition to all those pretty little rings and watches you folks have on , my boys and i are also going to load up mab 's treasures in the rotunda to take with us .
in addition to the gun i 'd noticed earlier , the belt also contained an extra clip of ammo , a metal baton , a small bottle of pepper spray , and , most important , a walkie-talkie .
`` in addition to all those baubles on display in the rotunda , the fire elemental also had a vast personal fortune .
in addition to using them as their personal , familial , and business symbols , elementals could also imbue runes with magic and get them to perform specific functions .
`` because in addition to the one i stole from the bridge , i also found a bomb hidden underneath one of the moving trucks .
because in addition to killing clementine , rumors abounded that i 'd also gotten away with a chunk of the art and jewels she 'd been trying to steal .
the drawings were the same as always , but there were new additions on the mantel : two silverstone pendants , one snowflake and one ivy vine .
`` all of which i apologized profusely for , in addition to offering a discount for all of the worry , waiting , and trouble , so i think that i managed to salvage the deal . ''
in addition to my stone power , i was one of the rare elementals who was gifted in another one of the four main areas-ice , in my case-although that magic was far weaker than my stone power .
in addition to absorbing all forms of elemental magic , silverstone was great at stopping bullets , and the vest would help keep me safe from any blasts of magic or bursts of gunfire that vaughn might send my way .
in addition to the rest of my black clothes , i was also wearing thin black leather gloves , so i was n't worried about leaving behind any fingerprints or cutting myself on the fence as i carefully pulled the sliced edges away from one another .
in addition to all of the criminals in town , the old man also kept tabs on the inner workings of the police department , including who was moving up , who was on his or her way down , and who was getting pushed aside in terms of power , prestige , and position .
in addition to her pink sneakers , she was wearing pink shorts and a white t-shirt with a sparkly pink heart in the middle of it .
the house itself was also a bit like a maze , given all the additions that had been tacked onto it over the years .
in addition to helping me whenever the spider needed a bit of backup , finn also ostensibly worked as an investment banker , although shameless , greedy money launderer would have been a far more accurate description of his job .
while finn kept eating , i filled him in about my run-in with troy and his goons , in addition to catalina 's nice car and her even nicer address .
in addition to looking out for would-be assailants , i also spent a fair amount of time imagining exactly how they might murder me .
i 'd had my suspicions the second i 'd picked up her fork the first time she 'd come into the pork pit , although reading through benson 's ledger had confirmed many of my theories , in addition to finally giving me her full name .
as a result , kate was on medical leave , and the beast lord , who had actually ended up participating in the tournament with us , had sentenced himself and the rest of the involved shapeshifters to several weeks of hard labor building an addition to the pack 's citadel .
equipped with an enchanted water engine in addition to its gasoline one , the jeep managed to attain the speed of nearly forty miles per hour during the magic wave , which in itself was an enormous achievement of magic manipulation .
however , despite his many faults , and i would have to borrow saiman 's fingers and toes in addition to my own to count them all , curran did n't play favorites .
in addition , i believe the beast lord expressly forbade attendance and participation in the tournament to pack members . ''
`` then he sentenced the three of them and himself to eight weeks of hard labor , building the north wing addition to the keep , and dismissed them .
more yet divided and grew additions , and when the dust finally settled , a fifth of the inhabitants had vanished into the walls .
`` the dahaka is likely to have magnetic disrupters in addition to armor , helmet , and an extremely thick skull . ''
`` however , it has come to our attention that in addition to the authorized killing last evening , there was another , unauthorized one at the bar called sepulcher . ''
in addition , i 'd gotten myself banned from at least two clubs because the owners were worried the dominae might punish them for allowing me entrance .
in addition to giguhl 's helping me on the mission , i might be able to find someone in san francisco to help me send him back to irkalla .
in addition to the oddly pleasing scent of mischa 's death , i experienced the sweet taste of retribution on my tongue .
in addition to holding apartments for all the council members and other high-ranking mages , it was the seat of their government , with meeting rooms and offices throughout .
but in addition to the sandalwood , the sharp tang of turpentine and the oily aroma of paint scented the air .
the phone call tells me someone wanted the weres against you in addition to the vampires and possibly the mages .
in addition to the tension of the coming meeting , the fallout from the previous night 's debacle was also clearly in play .
`` in addition to investigating the situation , we have also been in negotiations with queen maeve 's special envoy , hawthorne banathsheh . ''
in addition to his role as professional pimp , tiny malone also owned a strip club called the fang bang .
in addition to his impressive size , fang 's scowl and full-sleeve tattoos of vampire pinup girls gave him a decidedly threatening air .
instead , i worried that in addition to starting a riot in fang 's club , i 'd also be responsible for his girls being harmed-an offense he would never forgive .
in addition to mourning those deaths , it had to be a major blow to orpheus 's pride to rely on the queen 's help and suffer her whims , especially since she obviously had no qualms about taking advantage of the mages ' weakened power structure .
in addition to lady liberty , a man in a tinfoil suit performed the robot to music blaring from a boom box near his feet .
in addition to being that one 's aunt '' - she nodded toward adam- `` i 'm the high priestess of the elder moon and spiritual advisor to the hekate council .
in addition , they- and a few others- believed i was a prophesied chosen who 'd stop the war and usher in a period of peace between the races .
luckily , in addition to the pints i 'd chugged at alodius 's shop , i 'd had the forethought to toss a couple extra in adam 's backpack , because otherwise i 'd have been useless for the rest of the day .
`` in addition , '' orpheus continued , `` the despina has graciously offered the assistance of her personal guard , alexis . ''
in addition to the masked gimp lying in the fetal position in the kennel in the corner , there was also a vampire male wearing a charming outfit that consisted of a pair of nipple clamps , some testicle weights , and a pained grimace .
in addition to protecting food from contamination and promoting fertility and freshening the breath , it was also an herb of protection .
in addition to being a voodoo priestess , she owned a voodoo store and apothecary in the french quarter .
i moved closer and noticed that in addition to the decidedly picassoesque composition , the image was composed of thousands of tiny dots .
goldie schwartz , in addition to being erron 's stylist , was also a sassy midget with a predilection for kinky sex .
in addition to being the man who invented murder , cain was also the psycho ex-boyfriend of the great mother .
in addition to the apartment she 'd shared with georgia , mac also rented rooms to a few drag queens employed by the club .
in addition to the disguises preventing us from recognizing enemies , it was difficult to hear anything .
that 's why , in addition to the crypt in the basement , there 's also a cemetery through there . ''
in addition to starting a riot among the vamp strippers , she 'd also made such a scene that the dominae 's guards found us .
in addition to leading the hekate council , orpheus had been the head of the pythian guards in the years before his death , but back then he would have just been a member of the special force that protected the council .
in addition to her skills as an oracle , she was an expert diplomat and powerful in several magical disciplines .
a quick assessment told me that in addition to the knee issue , i also had a broken finger , at least one black eye , several contusions on my jaw , and a broken nail .
`` it appears that in addition to working on your anger management issues , your cockiness , and your impatience , we 'll also need to address your total lack of respect . ''
in addition to a thickly muscled chest and the humongous biceps , the long blond hair , and the fallen-angel face , he also had wings made of flame .
`` in addition , you are banned from making deals with any of the dark race beings ruled by sabina on earth without her permission . ''
in addition to being the only male , michael was an exception on the cabinet because he was n't technically the leader of his entire race .
in addition to giguhl and valva , who 'd switched to some pretty impressive disco moves , queen maeve , nyx , slade , brooks , zen , and a dozen other powerful vampires , mages , weres , and fae danced their asses off .
luckily , erron had quickly proven himself to be a kick-ass mage and all-around stand-up guy in addition to his love of sex , drugs , and rock 'n ' roll .
the order 's telepathic secretary called everyone `` dear , '' including richter , a new addition to the atlanta chapter who was as psychotic as a knight of the order could get without being stripped of his knighthood .
in addition , she also risked her life to save my people and demonstrated unwavering loyalty even during torture .
i 'd seen four different faces in addition to hannibal 's , and from the paneled walls , queen-sized bed , curtained windows , and the size of the room , whoever hired them had deep pockets .
both his arms were now missing in addition to his legs , and his skin looked like meat someone had put through a grinder .
they were still revolting enough to make me want to vomit , but in addition to being in the grayish colors of the past , they felt fainter , like i was watching a movie instead of experiencing them firsthand .
in addition to that , spade counted several vampires not of ian 's line , plus more than a few ghouls , and dozens of humans with a distinct undead scent that marked them as someone 's property .
in addition to him , ian had also reported eight other master vampires in the home , plus other undead guards .
then they never asked me to tell you about the tricks i 'd learned to stop the change , in addition to keeping the baser urges under control .
i 'd detested that one of the side effects of drinking the voodoo queen 's blood-in addition to becoming catnip for spirits-was the ability to strip ghosts of their free will , but that ability would come in handy in this situation .
i had no doubt that in addition to mesmerizing this promise out of them , bones would also manage to erase the records of our transactions with n.i.p.d .
our proximity to the river even had his shoulder-length hair blowing dramatically around his face , adding to the effect , but in addition to being trustworthy , spade also had a deep chivalrous streak .
in addition to the book , he had a satchel near the middle of the clearing , and i could imagine the various torture implements it must contain .
the backseat of our car is only a few feet away ... `` you know , in addition to your mind-reading abilities , i may have absorbed some sluttiness from your blood , '' i said , giving my head a little shake .
in addition to the stubble on his face , the laugh lines , and his hair being longer , his frame had also filled out to a stockier , more muscular physique .
while mencheres already knew and i did n't think kira was untrustworthy , i did n't know how many other undead ears were in this house in addition to gorgon .
now in addition to freaking people out once it became known that i could absorb vampire powers through feeding , marie made sure to have proof that i could do the same thing with ghouls .
`` in addition to knowing how to keep most ghosts from flocking to you , we might have had another spot of good luck .
in addition to mencheres , kira , vlad , spade , denise , ed , and scratch , we 'd picked up a few new additions in recent days .
or maybe gregor 's ego could n't stand the fact that soon , everyone would know bones had snatched my mother out from under him in addition to keeping his wife .
in addition to being able to mind-read anyone with a pulse , mencheres was also known for his visions .
in addition to patra 's ceaseless screaming-what were theydoing to her ? -there were the scrambling sounds of multiple people running up the stairs , new shouts , an eruption of gunfire , and several odd popping noises .
more lights were strewn around the exterior , and the gardens were filled with poinsettias in addition to their usual seasonal blossoms .
`` because in addition to my questions , ms. winona wright here is one of the chief inspectors with the ashland health department , and she 's had some disturbing complaints about your restaurant . ''
in addition to cashing out the customers , she 'd also gone ahead and turned off the appliances , put the extra food away , and stacked the dirty dishes into plastic tubs .
in addition to the news crews , people were gathered two and three deep on the sidewalk across the street from the restaurant , their phones held out and up as they snapped photos and shot video .
in addition to keeping out of sight , i had also taken the extra but necessary precaution of wearing a disguise-a short blond wig , bright blue contacts , and clear glasses with silver frames .
other than the new addition of the birthing bed on the left , it was deceptively homey ... until you looked closer and saw that the whole room was sterile and cold , as i was now , with no personal items to be found , except maybe a book or two i had purchased to try to take my mind off ... not remembering , which was harder than you could imagine .
i know it 's hard for you to feel anything , but i promise you it will be a welcome addition to your former power-hungry vanity-filled world . ''
the house was a strange mix of mediterranean meets tudor with lots of gables and dark woodwork , with the addition of huge , airy windows .
we have been forced into an agreement at this time , but the terms she has already brought forth will stand , and in addition , you will hire ten of my wolves as your ... guards , '' he spat , `` and personally guarantee their safety .
in addition to the papers , there were plants and knick-knacks and books on every available surface .
now , in addition to looking for falco 's resting place , he would have to search for battista 's as well .
it was an obvious addition , though it was built like a small castle , complete with turrets at all four corners .
and that now , in addition to a sexy 767-year-old vampire , there was a witch who was over three hundred years old living in the city .
in addition to reclaiming ownership of the hills , the lakota had reasserted their right to be a sovereign nation , with their own constitution , their own laws , and their own army .
in addition , she knew he had preternatural powers she lacked , plus he had the ability to read her mind .
in addition to the ever-growing goth crowd and la 's dwindling undead population , the crypt had become a popular hangout for up-and-coming hollywood starlets , producers , musicians , and fans of the same .
in addition to his broken arm and sprained ankle , alex had two broken ribs and a possible concussion .
he had once told her to make any changes she wanted in the castle , but she liked it just the way it was , although electricity would be a nice addition .
in addition to the nineteen men and women , two dogs suspected of being `` familiars '' had also been executed .
all the appliances in the kitchen were recent additions , purchased a few months back when he had been thinking of selling the house and finding a new dwelling place .
in addition , he bought a set of silverware , figuring that she would soon tire of using cheap plastic utensils .
in addition to the living room and kitchen , there was also a small guestroom , a bathroom , and a large linen closet on the first floor .
in addition to buying things for the wedding and the wedding night , cara and brenna shopped for christmas presents for their husbands .
in addition to wide silver bracelets , silver crosses , and dangling silver earrings , they both wore designer jeans , brightly colored silk blouses , comfortable sneakers , and fake flowers in their hair .
in addition to their usual colorful skirts and sneakers , they wore lab coats , rubber gloves and hospital masks .
in addition to that , she hoped to include him in a book she was thinking of writing about famous magicians , past and present , magicians like houdini , david copperfield , and criss angel .
in addition to driving a stake through their hearts , vampires could be dispatched by severing the head from the body and burying the parts of the creature in separate graves .
in addition to the living room , the main floor housed a roomy kitchen with black appliances , a high , round oak table and four chairs , and shuttered windows .
since they had stopped at the store earlier , there were several sacks of groceries in addition to their luggage .
in addition to what he took for experimental purposes , edna and pearl had fed from the man a few times , as had janis .
`` i know , but with a bit of recalculating , and the addition of a few new ingredients , i think it might be effective . ''
though it was a large house , there were only four rooms in addition to the front room : two good-sized bedrooms-one furnished , one not-with a full bath between , and a spacious kitchen that had no appliances and had obviously never been used .
in addition to salmon and lobster and all the trimmings , there was a beautiful cake and a champagne fountain , as well as several bottles of red wine .
if the police seriously believed that jason had killed gran in addition to the other women , then the world was such a bad and chancy place that i wanted no part of it .
in addition to the whiny little girl , there were two older kids , a boy and a girl , and like true siblings they fought like cats and dogs .
in addition to a narrow daybed , there was a bookshelf crammed full with boxes and books , and i promised myself i 'd go through that tomorrow .
the armor itself , black and lusterless , was very much like a rather tailored baseball catcher 's outfit : a chest guard , thigh protectors , and shin guards , with the addition of thick leather braces that strapped around the forearms .
hopefully , if the were had never shown signs of insanity or violence , these people would be willing to accept that shape-changing was an unthreatening addition to their knowledge of the world .
in addition to dermot 's resemblance to jason , which is only a quirk of genes , dermot is an ass**le like jason .
jerry -- who actually possessed a legal new jersey driver 's license in addition to his fake one from new york state that made him officially eighteen and therefore old enough to buy booze -- had his own car .
i did , telling them that i 'd also met some of the new additions to the long tooth pack , including basim and annabelle .
in addition to that , the team that had set fire to the barn was n't answering their radios anymore , and the men who came in through the western breach in the fence were talking about the ground shaking and water twisting up into frozen walls , blocking their escape .
if she had n't been in such a hurry , she 'd have taken the time to appreciate the new addition to her gifts .
`` in addition to watching over this project , i 'm in charge of tracking any anomalies in our al iance .
`` she 'll make a good addition if varsity lets her join , but that would require varsity pulling their heads out of their butts .
`` in addition to the charmfall or charmfail or whatever , '' jill said , `` a reaper was draining a human out in the open in the middle of downtown chicago .
`` and , in addition to being awesome , '' scout continued , `` we also have a lead on who might have something to do with the blackout .
she will make an undeniably important addition to the house , and we all know how ... delicate our alliances are . ''
at the motion of his hand , i took my place as the twelfth addition to cadogan house , standing directly in front of amber .
well , in addition to the six of us , we liaise with the daylight guards , the folks who stay at the gate .
i grabbed a couple of reference books , a worn , leather-bound book of fairy tales i 'd had since childhood , and the most important recent addition to my collection , the canon of the north american houses , desk reference .
i was about to reach for two glasses when i realized that , in addition to the apparent philosophical differences , he might ingest differently , too .
`` would it be too much for me to ask that in addition to having this evidence , you have a sly plan to nail this little ass**le ? ''
so , in addition to the other reasons he wo n't be happy to see me , he may not be thrilled to see me with you . ''
i 'd known catcher was amazing with a sword , and i 'd known sorcerers - in addition to bending the universe to their wills - could throw balls of what looked like magical fire .
i walked with purpose , my heart still rent by grief , but at least now the emotion was clean , without the confusing additions of anger and hatred .
there were three unofficial ombuddies , as i liked to cal them , in addition to my grandfather : catcher ; computer wizard jeff christopher ; and the admin , marjorie .
in addition to malik and luc , seven men and women stood in the foyer in an inverted v , with darius west , head of the greenwich presidium , directly in the middle .
`` no , in addition to the rest of the stuff he 's working on , he 's beginning to get calls from detective jacobs about supernatural issues . ''
in addition to the patience-melting stop-and-go of chicago 's traffic , we debated the possibilities that awaited us at the house-and i interrogated jonah just as ethan had requested .
in addition to darius , there were five remaining members of the gp : dierks , danica , edmund , lakshmi , and diego .
`` in addition to securing darius , '' ethan said , `` we 'll want to look for the papers that might have been in that portfolio .
maybe it had been a later addition , an afterthought to make the enormous , marble-floored penthouse even more desirable to the people who preferred their marble-floored penthouses with terraces .
`` as we all know , in addition to the rigorous and dangerous testing practices , there is one more small wrinkle .
streams of energy had started to pour from him , in addition to the smoky mist , and through the creator 's grace he 'd been able to warn duncan to fold the hell out of there .
with the addition of two of the most powerful vampires on second earth , vela felt confident that the plan could work , although they had one more step to take .
i like this new grayle power of yours and you 'll make a fine addition to the warriors of the blood .
in addition , the women of obsidian flame , fiona , grace , and a very pregnant marguerite , were on hand , ready to form their unusual triad of power .
in addition , he sensed the preternatural quality of the chains , that something very vampire would bind him in place , like the manacles daniel used in the himalayan prison .
he had a sitting room on the right , then his exercise and massage rooms , and finally an expansive bathroom with a deep soaking tub in addition to a walk-in shower .
in addition , the nature of the auction , as well as the horrible acts going on in that room , made her future clear .
in addition to the sudden swell of grief , she also sensed that he was working hard to recover from daniel 's most recent assault .
when she 'd initially arrived two days earlier , rumy had given her a few basic garments in addition to the clothes she 'd had on .
in addition , he had some sway with copass , since at least a third of the members were addicted to dying blood .
in addition , lines of torches were everywhere , guarded and kept lit by teen ascenders all wearing matching bright orange t-shirts and jeans .
in previous years , before the addition of the current state-of-the-art security system , death vamps had been known to fold inside the facility and take the lives of dozens of militia warriors , often before anyone even knew what was happening .
in addition , endelle had set up a second location in north africa two , also cloaked beneath a mossy dome of mist .
he would n't have minded displaying his oh-so-worthy arousal except that in addition to being aroused beyond comprehension , he 'd stopped craving the woman currently sharing his bed .
in addition , he could feel that his obsidian flame power was meant to serve as a sort of new anchor , but not for one woman this time .
in addition , he had a cut that dripped blood onto the hardwood floor near his black battle sandals .
in addition , havily still made a starbucks run to mortal earth for the warriors of the blood every morning .
greaves has been building an army of death vampires throughout the world by turning high administrators and in addition making one of their tasks the creation of more death vampires through the taking of dying blood . ''
in addition to that , rith cloaked every facial expression , every tell his body might provide as to a clue to the bastard 's mind .
though medichi 's home had the best possible covering of mist , in addition to copass 's protection under the law of second society , he felt a profound need to be near havily right now , to keep his guard up , to watch the skies .
in addition , each act that passed by included a light show executed mostly from the ground but occasionally with floating robotics .
he 'd just gotten off the phone with thorne , who informed him that marcus intended to serve in the field with the warriors two nights a week , in addition to taking on the duties of high administrator of desert southwest two .
`` in addition to the death vamp 's signature , there are two strong grid signatures nearby as well . ''
at the same time that he touched down , the space began to fill with his highly trained and experienced troll brigade , who 'd fought the invictus wraith-pairs for decades now , making use of long spears in addition to battle frequency streams .
in addition to his feelings of excitement about their child and their potential relationship , he had an uncomfortable fear working at the back of his brain .
she swallowed heavily and braced herself as she finally focused upon the new addition to the group .
i was selfish and i was fascinating to her , and she thought that i would make a fine addition to her race .
it was easy to tell what had been the original house , and what the newest additions to the massive tree structure were .
with the addition of three deadly silver swords , the lycans fell back , trying to drag their wounded with them .
max with a vis would certainly be a welcome addition to their team when it came to closing the midiverse portal and retrieving the other rings of jubai .
in addition , she had an excuse that made it impossible for victoria to decline her request that she ride in the carriage .
in addition , sitting in the back of the room would give her a better view of the entire chamber and perhaps an opportunity to determine whether there was indeed a demon present .
the addition of this venator into my most secret ranks will be instrumental to our success , particularly with the power i will obtain tonight from akvan 's obelisk . ''
this would make max 's task easier , for the items brought from india , including the book , would stand out as new additions to the room , and would likely be in a chamber that was obviously in use .
`` i ... er ... '' one could only attribute brickbank 's unusual befuddlement to the breach of etiquette in addition to voss 's best brandy .
`` in addition to an apology , i believe it is n't asking overly much to request an explanation for what happened last evening .
`` in addition , i had already presumed your need to be in contact with the eldest miss woodmore and thus , i have sent word to corvindale that you are with me , and to pledge your continued safety .
nevertheless , the generous space shrunk to a much smaller one with addition of his large , gruff presence .
in addition , my upcoming wedding to mr. alexander bradington will shortly put me in the position to act as chaperone for my younger sisters .
`` in addition to an apology , i believe it is n't asking overly much to request an explanation for what happened last evening .
and in addition , dimitri had long made it a practice to hire made vampires whose sires were dead for a variety of tasks , including acting as guardians and protectors of the woodmore sisters .
maia 's attention fell on the two new additions to her bedside table : the ruby hairpin and a slender wooden stake .
that was yet another reason , he was certain , that lucifer had found him an appropriate addition to the draculia .
the earl 's library and office had been invaded , not to mention his hermitlike lifestyle disrupted by the new additions to his household , and would be , it seemed , for sometime to come .
wyatt had begun to think the fellow might be a sociopath , in addition to having the curse of being a bloodsucker .
`` guess that means in addition to the shoplifting charges , your client is about to be booked with assault , breaking and entering , and vandalism .
and so was that taken 's next changed human , and the next and the next ... . new vampires discovered that in addition to the perk of living forever , they had a not-so-nice voice whispering in their heads .
in addition to being my mate , jared michaels was my co-commander ... and he did n't look happy , which was totally understandable given the circumstances .
so , in addition to having a brail-like tattoo where a wedding ring might have been , i now also had an extra sense ; it was solely focused on jared , allowing me to know things such as his vitals , his thirst level , and his mood .
in addition to having the svente manageable bloodlust , i also had the hypnotic allure of a keja , and the strength of a pagori .
in addition , people might once again be wary of me if the prelature ruled that i was n't fit enough to lead my squad and that i exploited them .
in addition to sebastian and three guards were too dark-haired females , but that was where the similarities ended for the two women .
in addition , quentin is quite aware that evan was tainted , so he will get quite a shock when he realises evan is alive and well .
in addition , there were the high masters and their vampires ... and they were all helping us destroy covington 's vampires .
maybe , in addition to being a devious manipulator , she was a silly little mare who was curious to know what it would feel like to have my fist crashing into her face .
oh and the butlers in the buff who had served the snacks and nsts ... they 'd certainly been a nice addition .
in addition , a lot of vampires have deadly gifts and these will just as effectively kill us as they would a human .
or i could try writing it off as a result of my stomach being so tanked before i fell asleep - i 'd swallowed a decent amount of his blood in addition to some nsts .
the lr in boeing 777-200lr stood for long range , and as a c-market model with a top range exceeding 9,000 nautical miles ( nearly 11,000 u.s. ) and a fuel capacity of up to 200,000 liters ( more than 50,000 gallons ) , the aircraft had , in addition to the traditional fuel tanks inside the wing bodies , three auxiliary tanks in the rear cargo hold-thus the need for a safe chop-out area .
his guardian is demanding he pass the ged and then take nine hours of college courses , in addition to working part-time to cover the cost of his educational expenses . ''
the desk clerk had accepted a one-hundred-dollar bribe in addition to the cost of the room , but it was a room in the barest sense of the word .
now , '' curtis spread a map of the targeted addition in star cove across the hood of an armored vehicle , `` my sources say this house is currently unoccupied , '' he tapped the image of the house nearest the gulf on the southern side .
a large monet hung on one wall , a david portrait of napoleon on another , in addition to other items that would sell quickly should they ever be offered .
obediah tanner had paid him well over the years-for information in addition to the occasional capture of a hapless shapeshifter for one of obediah 's lucrative hunts .
worried over what his parents might be discussing , ashe shadowed nathan as nathan sniffed his way through the addition , looking for anything unusual or out of place .
ashe was happy to see them walk out the door-they 'd been rude in their comments , wondering aloud if dori and wynn were available , in addition to other , less savory remarks .
winkler had just gotten off the phone with the grand master ; wlodek had authorized several vampires from the chicago area to coordinate with wolves from the chicago pack , in addition to some of matt michaels ' best human operatives .
marcus says that the community center mr. winkler built for residents in the new addition will be redesigned and used as our school . ''
ashe was sitting in a lawn chair on the back deck , staring at the tall , wooden fence that blocked the nearest housing addition from view .
winkler 's putting marcie , jason and her two boys in one of the empty houses in the new addition , and the rest of us will be staying at winkler 's beach house in port aransas .
dom was searching for a good location to set up another game preserve-the one obediah ran had brought in huge payoffs from wealthy clients , in addition to being the perfect place to hide smuggled drugs until they could be distributed throughout the united states .
mailboxes were lined up outside the housing addition , but those only received advertisements and flyers addressed to occupant .
marco was in complete agreement as they left the star cove addition behind and drove toward aransas pass and the ferry .
the vampires had to guard the entire community , giving the boys an opportunity to approach the new addition while aedan and nathan were checking the hidden entrance half a mile away .
in addition , i will be prevented from leaving the larentii homeworld for a specified period of time .
deciding that ren had somehow managed that in addition to many other things , ashe thought he might be in the clear-at least for a little while .
all these rumors began because this woman , '' a large photograph of ceerah kade was shown in an inset on the screen , `` desecrated the delicate patient-physician privilege , in addition to blatantly violating the patient 's rights laws that exist in both alliances .
edward offered very good advice , in addition to the services of one or more of his supervisors , just to make sure the transitions went smoothly .
both groups were prepared to not only kill her , but destroy that section of the courts and hearing building as well , in addition to anyone inside that chamber .
`` and we 've had to provide extra security for ceerah kade and her legal counsel , in addition to sending agents out to track the ones who did this . ''
my mind was on my middle daughters and their claiming the following week , in addition to the two trucks currently in the shop for repairs .
more than a third of the gishi fruit shipments from avendor had been seized by pirates , in addition to crews and the ships hauling the fruit .
from that spot , i could see the crowd in the grand hall clearly , in addition to the long row of large , globe-shaped comp-brains .
and we have it on good authority that these may be allied with lersen strand and his cousins , in addition to other criminals .
i 'd gotten to bed late the night before-i was planning short trips to other worlds where children had come up missing , in addition to working on tulgalan 's disappearances .
few were out-not only from the cold but because it was eight-day on edness and early , in addition to that .
`` lok , tory , erland , rylend and i will provide security , in addition to gavril 's four warlocks .
tory , on the other hand , had holdings granted on le-ath veronis and kifirin , in addition to his and his parents ' reputations .
athletic shoes had also been purchased for me , in addition to many other shoes i had n't even looked at-they were still in boxes .
in addition , three months of suffering , wondering if gavril and reah were still alive rankled quite a bit .
`` and pays better than what you earn now , in addition to giving you complete control over everyday security and law enforcement .
what did they think to accomplish against ranos pistols and rifles , in addition to regular issue rapid-fires and other weapons ?
`` let 's send ours back to mandil with them-ry and tory both , in addition to reah , '' norian nodded in enthusiastic agreement .
cutting thin slices of fowl , i dredged them in flour , fried them quickly and made a sauce to go with them , in addition to fresh fruit and sweetened cream .
tourists were everywhere-arvil owned most of the shops open for business , in addition to a majority of the casinos .
i 'd served the ox-roast wrapped in mushrooms , sauce and pastry , in addition to baby vegetables , the soup arvil loved , crispy rolls , salad and dessert .
the other thing that surprised me , in addition to my being wakened like that , was that there were no less than six females i did n't recognize who were going with us .
we intended to serve salmon in small crusts too-normally it was served as a main dish , but we were making small ones for the limited number of guests we had , in addition to smaller versions of other , nicer dishes meant to lure them to the restaurants .
`` but you admit to allowing the poppy drug to go through , in addition to a few other illegal items , such as wizard 's charms , stolen artifacts and such ? ''
we went to the barns , a place i had n't been as yet and looked over pallets and pallets of crates , in addition to boxes and boxes of sealable , waterproof packing material .
crystal champagne flutes and water glasses were added , in addition to polished silver place settings .
and we have it on good authority that these may be allied with lersen strand and his cousins , in addition to other criminals .
i 'd gotten to bed late the night before-i was planning short trips to other worlds where children had come up missing , in addition to working on tulgalan 's disappearances .
few were out-not only from the cold but because it was eight-day on edness and early , in addition to that .
`` lok , tory , erland , rylend and i will provide security , in addition to gavril 's four warlocks .
tory , on the other hand , had holdings granted on le-ath veronis and kifirin , in addition to his and his parents ' reputations .
drake and drew had full sets , in addition to the claw crown tattooed at the base of their left thumbs .
nissa had gotten the name by looking , in addition to other information on her trek back from digging clay .
garde was king jayd 's brother and prime minister on kifirin , in addition to being one of queen lissa 's inner circle mates .
that way , the child would have some of lissa 's genes , in addition to his or any other of lissa 's mates who chose to pursue that option .
she then proceeded to destroy the solar red temple somehow , in addition to all its priests , and then hauled torture victims to a hospital for medical care .
not even good enough to train in the military , although jenderlin had read all the historical accounts of battles won and lost and had studied strategy , in addition to his other lessons .
she can seize the casino and distribute proceeds to injured parties , in addition to forcing the owners off le-ath veronis .
he also called somebody and told them where the three bodies would be on tykl , in addition to asking them to investigate the entire mess there at headquarters .
lifting thirty agents into my mist , in addition to norian and lendill , i went flying over the tops of buildings in what was referred to as the meadows near mazareal 's capital city .
it was enough that they 'd committed treason against the crown , in addition to murdering other vampires .
chapter 4 it was late spring in farus , and the thunderstorm that came through drenched everything in addition to making the footpath between tents look like a river as night fell .
* * * in addition to my blades , i now had a knife clipped to the back waistband of my leather pants-connegar had sent a note wrapped around the knife .
general , i know why your king sent you-he has need of funds and looks to the lands belonging to green birth to provide those funds for him , in addition to handing out parcels of land and favors to his aristocracy .
reemagar shielded the addition from prying eyes and the hotel looked as it always did to anyone who might cast their gaze toward the seventeenth floor .
in addition to reemagar 's shields around us , i put up some of my own and thurlow did as well ; i felt his powerful shields vibrating against mine when i set them .
we had guests , i learned , the moment we walked in-griffin , amara , kiarra , adam , merrill , kyler and flavio were all there , in addition to my bunch .
the metal point had gone clean through and was sticking out on the other side , making it difficult to move my right arm , in addition to hurting like hell .
grant had a cubicle just outside my large , private study and started making sense out of all the paper that was piling up , in addition to pointing me toward the important electronic messages i was now getting from the reth alliance .
kiarra was mated to both adam and merrill , in addition to pheligar the larentii , who as yet had n't made an appearance .
winkler knew at least one of the vampire agents was coming , in addition to a werewolf agent he 'd met once before-james renfro .
and he now has several medical degrees and does charity work in that field , in addition to being a healer for the saa thalarr . ''
susila was often at the palace and looking for something she might do in addition to sitting on the city council .
curious now , in addition to still being shaken ( i had n't dreamed of my mother in years ) , i walked out of my bedroom and then down the stairs leading to the first floor .
bill had called out the national guard , in addition to anybody else available , including all four branches of the military .
in addition to the women posing suggestively in doorways , we walked past several rooms with closed doors .
according to him , she was self-serving in the extreme , in addition to being beautiful with thick , platinum blonde hair and a fair complexion .
`` and if bartholomew is correct , she can turn to mist and use mindspeech , in addition to being immune to compulsion . ''
rene realized that he would have to present his newest turn with an accelerated course ; tony was n't slow or stupid and was learning everything quite rapidly , in addition to watching all the news programs concerning world events .
the boards on the addition were painted a sunny yellow on the outside , a harsh contrast to the smell of death inside .
`` in addition to it being hard to do a turn , the candidate must be of good character and death must be imminent .
their momentum had carried them past me initially , but they were fresh and i was n't , in addition to being injured .
he was his father 's second and had fought off three challenges against his father so far , in addition to helping select others take packs away from legitimate packmasters .
i probably had twelve hundred euros in my purse when i left the house , in addition to my credit card .
brock explained during the drive that it was a diamond black and not just black in color , in addition to giving me information about the engine and other car parts i did n't recognize .
you took someone who was n't a viable candidate according to the laws , and a female in addition to that .
he would certainly have to play the part and modify his speech and accent if he were to present himself to winkler as an addition to his stable of bodyguards .
perhaps it would have been therapeutic to take out my frustrations on a nameless , faceless enemy , but now , in addition to keeping my eyes and ears open for an attack from serge and ed , terrorists or organized crime wanted to come calling .
i knew the scents of every one of those council members , in addition to which ones had voted for and against me .
a swift death was not in keeping with the magnitude of the professor 's crime , which included considerable insult in addition to personal injury .
clearly , the professor , in addition to being a thief , was a philistine who could n't tell the difference between an original and a copy .
in addition , they had the temerity to march into the prince 's city , offer his illustrations to the uffizi , ( while claiming them to be copies ) , and make a spectacle of themselves .
the prince was about to follow them when he noticed a new addition to the room , near where the emersons had been kissing .
in addition , the police found your knapsack next to his body , making you a person of interest . ''
in addition to the disappearance of four local high school children earlier this year , four more have gone missing since friday , an alarming number when compared to the rate of abduction in southmoore during the slayer 's reign .
in addition to being curious just like everyone else , i was also a little concerned about my belongings .
and in addition to my own punishment , i plan to use the information she tells me as a lesson well learned .
but it does n't show the new additions made since launch-the grav tubes , developed two gens before eldest , are n't on the diagram .
well , because in addition to being an unwholesome blight upon the land , they 're all pretty much the same .
'have you ever heard of a theory that says oculators can power technological types of glass in addition to their lenses ? '
in addition to the paraphernalia taped to her walls , she has a dozen china teacups filled with plastic glitter rings , and silver rings with amber stones , and glass rings with pressed flowers .
his place is much larger than ours , with a private bath , a sitting room , and a full-size ( though tiny by american standards ) kitchen in addition to a separate bedroom .
in addition to the friendship thing , i 've had increasingly distressing thoughts about my dress binder .
it 's written in his usual black marker but with one addition-a crayon rubbing of my name , imprinted from the sidewalk corners on dolores street .
in addition , lightbulbs with n**ples ( there 's no better way to describe them ) litter the floor .
as my vision clears , i am able to see that , in addition to the great hold , there are shelves built around the perimeter of the space , one being about eight feet wide , made of open wood slatting on which we all now stand .
`` well , the loss of miss trevelyne is more than made up by the addition of the three fine serving girls .
in addition to the ongoing classes in french , dance , science , and chorus , there is now a class in fundamentals of sailing , conducted by the misses catherine lowell and hyacinth saltonstall , the two girls who have actually sailed a small boat before .
in addition to his half irish , half korean looks-pale skin , coal black hair and piercing green eyes-the boy has serious vocal talent .
my presence alone would have been enough for her , but the addition of whoever else she recognizes in the group renders her incapable of unstuttered speech .
i wait for more and of course there 's nothing , because in addition to the tall , dark and hot thing graham 's got going on , he 's also infuriatingly close-mouthed .
they 're hardworking people , but uninsured , and now they 've lost belongings they ca n't afford to replace , in addition to the fact that they 're currently homeless .
this girl resembles her in some obscure mannerisms i must have become aware of during the weeks we worked together , in addition to a striking physical similarity .
advanced english took care of reading and comprehension , and my four years of spanish - in addition to the fact that i used it nearly daily during community service projects - dispatched my foreign language requirement .
same flawlessly muscled legs and rounded hips , with the addition of those perfect br**sts and her beautiful face .
the watches in addition to everyone 's daily duties , we stand watches , one in three , which means that one third of the entire crew-officers and men and boys-is up on deck throughout the day and night , ready to fight or handle what else might come along till the rest of the crew is rousted out of their hammocks or from their daily work to help 'em .
i find i have several other things in addition to my immortal soul that i did not know i had , one of which is my sacred honor and the other is my precious jewel , both of which seem to have something to do with the fact that jaimy and i have n't done that baby-making thing yet .
and , in addition , like saint paul 's in london and notre dame in paris and la basilica de san francisco el grande in madrid , or even that buddhist temple in burma , it did not express any displeasure with the presence of the noted sinner jacky faber within its consecrated and holy walls .
he , too , is dirty , but in addition , there are cruel marks of abuse on his face-a large purple bruise , an eye swollen shut .
maybe he did n't drink it ... maybe he found it too bitter , too musky ... maybe the potion needs the addition of the brandy to work , maybe ... `` mrs. shinn , how can you be sure that what you saw the children drinking was , indeed , rum ?
i notice that in addition to his usual garb , he now wears a black scarf wrapped around his lower face .
that , in addition to terrifying dreams about this girl , i had a vision of some other woman , who i definitely did n't know , who lived during the civil war ?
demon math what is just in a world you 've ripped in two as if there could be a half for me a half for you what is fair when there is nothing left to share what is yours when your pain is mine to bear this sad math is mine this mad path is mine subtract they say do n't cry back to the desk try forget addition multiply and i reply this is why remainders hate division i rested my head against the wall next to the words .
confused and a bit obsessed over what that could mean , i joined my friends for dinner and found our newest addition was once again at our table .
there was a new addition to the academy lobby , one that had n't been there when i 'd been escorted to marcus 's office .
the showroom fronts on milk street , so named because in addition to the many shops and factories , there are a large number of cows , and , consequently , a lot of milk-milk in buckets , milk in tubs , milk being made into butter and cheese , and probably milk that will soon appear on the table of the lawson peabody school for young girls , and some of that milk will disappear down my neck as well .
in class , dimity , sidheag , and agatha noticed the addition of bumbersnoot to sophronia 's attire but said nothing .
it also does n't help poor harry 's sex life that in addition to her skirt , the top three buttons are open on her shirt and all she will need to do is bend over a couple inches too far and everything will fall right out .
`` yeah , i can say that in addition to repairing the basement wall that we 're having pavement laid in the driveway , too . ''
he had surely saved her life-could she have survived an attack by two armed seraphim ? -in addition to which , he had chosen her .
this , in addition to a few tin buckets in the corner underneath the defunct sink , and a single wooden chair , is the room 's only furniture .
the crypts was always monstrously ugly , but now it is worse than ever : the steel-and-cement addition runs up awkwardly against the old building , made of blackened stone , with its hundreds of tiny barred windows .
his nondescript features were only emphasized by the addition of a fantastic crimson velvet top hat .
in addition to the hat , he was wearing the very latest in evening attire , as if he were about to attend a theatrical performance in one of london 's finer theaters .
she smirked , and i knew she 'd probably been planning this scene since she was halfway over the atlantic ocean ( in addition to being stubborn , bex is also quite theatrical ) .
now , in addition to our teachers and our chef , the gallagher academy has a pretty extensive staff , but it 's not the kind of place that advertises in the want ads ( well ... you know ... except for coded messages ) .
covert operations report operatives morgan , baxter , and sutton decided to proceed on foot , considering the property 's owner was a highly trained security professional ( in addition to being really , really hot ) .
chapter 25 despite rumors to the contrary , mrs. w. w. hale iii had not added a large solarium to the hale family 's english estate because it was fashionable at the time , or to keep up with mrs. winthrop covington ii , who had built a similar addition to her manor house three miles away .
the brochure said hecate had made `` extensive additions to the original structure '' over the years .
in addition to the mildew-rific showers , there were also a bunch of claw-foot tubs against one wall , separated by waist-high partitions .
in addition to that , he performed simple spells for the people of lower quinton : potions for gout , the occasional love spelll ... simple harmless things .
`` it 'll be a nice human interest addition to the piece i 'm writing about our valedictorian and salutatorian for the franklin times .
in addition to being the arts and crafts director , i 'm in charge of arranging the weekly talent show .
more recent additions included the scar across his cheekbone , the five o'clock shadow , and the juxtaposition of a full , sensuous mouth with sculpted , symmetrical features .
denny had taken out a supplemental life insurance policy in addition to the one he had through the teachers ' union and that had left mia pretty comfortable , although no one knew about the second policy right away .
`` i 've tried everything i can think of to make heads or tails of it-addition , multiplying the lines , division-and i still do n't get it .
in addition to mandarin , this fall , i 'll take french , along with another shakespeare class with professor glenny .
or will they call the police and claim i 'm a thief in addition to the other labels already tattooed on my back .
as it turned out , all nine of us did n't make it , but i know that the six of us who are left , as well as the addition of number ten , will do whatever it takes to survive what 's to come .
in addition to finding myself existing here , observing this particular moment in one 's life , i also have a general sense of her memories of the time .
he pulls me into a brotherly embrace , but in addition to an intimidating amount of strength , i feel a kind of menace in the way ivan pats me roughly on the back .
`` but in addition to the rules he broke at school , he also tampered with the id scans at the chimra .
in addition to using sophisticated sensors to monitor and register the goings-on of capital city , compiling information for munis about the flow of people and goods-keeping everything running smoothly , perfectly-the grid 's lesser-known function was a protective one .
i had a sprained wrist and a torn tendon in my arm , in addition to numerous deep bruises and scratches .
he could n't imagine where she 'd been hiding these things , but she now held a short dagger in addition to her spear .
the sounds of his pursuer went on relentlessly , only now with the bone-shuddering addition of cracking and splitting rock joined in .
in addition to any chores the others assign him , he has the job of looking after pretty saro , scrubbing her down and keeping her in the pink , and she seems to thrive under his care .
in addition to the indians who had attacked the britannia from the shore , to which i had so foolishly allowed us to drift too close , there are a number of canoes full of warriors coming up from the south and a veritable flotilla of them coming from upriver .
the flames leaped and spat with each addition ( the smell of the shrunken head 's hair was particularly pungent ) .
he enlisted me in the cause , naturally , as his research assistant , in addition to my duties as cook , maid , manservant , laundryman , and errand boy .
too sweet , and the inclusion of carbon dioxide is an inexplicable and not altogether pleasant addition . ''
`` and unannounced , yes ... in order to entrust to your care this rare and altogether incredible addition to our-your- collection of extraordinary finds and irreplaceable oddities .
warthrop learned how well-liked kearns had been , how popular with the staff-particularly the female staff-how admired by the other doctors , what a fine physician he was , in addition to being one of the best trauma surgeons the director had ever seen .
we carry a crew of two able-bodied seamen , john thomas there on the right , and finnegan mcgee on the left , in addition to two ship 's boys .
new hairpieces , neat shoes , and silk stockings , too , in addition to delicate underclothing and frilly garters .
in addition , i have met up with john tinker-yes , tink , our old shipmate and charter member of the brotherhood .
in addition to the sun-streaked , wavy chestnut hair and even white teeth , jase garrett has green eyes , and one of those quirky mouths that look like they are always about to smile .
in addition , no gang-related clothing , '' she says , looking right at luis and then eyeing the rest of the class , `` and no threats against any student or you 'll be out of my class permanently .
there 's a pause because obviously the interviewer is asking a question , which without the lip-reading addition to the sound energies , i ca n't hear .
there were a lot of kids emily did n't know , but that was because the kahns invited all the it kids from the area 's other private schools , in addition to rosewood .
he 'd said spencer 's parents were such show-offs , building a third addition to their house , converting that perfectly good barn into a luxury apartment for their oldest daughter .
`` in addition to the books we 're reading as a class , i want to do an extra side project on unreliable narrators . ''
in addition to loading on stores-the usual flour , salt pork , dried peas , crates of chickens , oatmeal , dry soup , and rum-we added a carefully packed cargo of fine wedgwood china .
there is , of course , a bedstead built into the starboard wall , and in addition , there is a small desk that i had ephraim fyffe make and install for me .
in addition , she will be going through extreme exertions in swimming in and out of the device , and in the process using up a lot of oxygen .
in addition , the san cristobal also suffers the lesser but still deadly blows from el diablo rojo . ''
in the past weeks , it had n't rained as much as the seedlings required , so in addition to weeding , we 'd also be irrigating the fields to make sure there was food for the winter .
i heard only the normal animal noises in addition to the grind of metal on wood , so i was reassured that no freaks lurked nearby .
by the dawn , i had to lend my shoulder in addition to the stick , or stalker could n't have continued .
in addition to occasional hunting , our supplies from gaspard were holding out fine , and we had to support ourselves in the wilderness .
campaign in addition to provisions , boots , and uniforms , we picked up forty more men , including rex , before we left soldier 's pond .
in addition , when you find a former armedius student who died , i want you to read the obituary and note anything ... odd in it . ''
in addition , there seems to have been some kind of trouble involving his daughter-anyway , the conte was sure he was confronting a demon , and he felt that god had given him a mission to rid the world of what he thought was spawned by hell . ''
it never occurs to them that private detectives might happily withhold information in return for an addition to their modest income . ''
in addition to the points that are being traded back and forth , there 's a hell of a lot of smack talk .
in addition , we bring in our own lunch , which includes several chicken sandwiches , fries and two sodas .
pascal 's was reading minds , and mine-in addition to the strength and quick healing that came with being a brannick-was sensing prodigium .
in addition to the running track circling it , the field also boasted several sets of rickety-looking bleachers .
in addition to giving me time to figure out homework , those ten days let me get closer to romy and dex .
apparently we 'd been paired up based on who sat closest to us , so in addition to romy , our group included adam .
she ended up spending three unaccompanied nights in the infirmary , where no one bothered to lock the files , and she left there , cured , with a bunch of names : in addition to martha wallace , there were gretchen campbell , natalie wiseman , and hope ellis .
the addition of `` in the bedroom '' made it clear that if i were to be in control , it would be here only-and because she allowed it .
franks lives in the neighborhood , in a grasshopper green rancher with a big old addition on the back-bedrooms for all of his redheaded kids .
all of them dressed in their navy blue and white uniforms ; the only change today was the addition of navy blue or cardinal red cardigans , signaling the change in temperature .
my fingers were stained in an orange reminder that i would be making indian food a permanent addition to my diet when i returned to omaha .
i needed to put this all out of my head and go back to the way things used to be between tristan and me , or how they should be with the addition of seth .
it was true that some of the pack was still unsure of the half-lykan , but for the majority she was a welcome addition to their pack .
trace magik , when inherited as it had been for caia before her eighteenth birthday , was easier to manage ; it was a gradual addition to her magik as she approached her eighteenth year .
`` well just look at what you 're doing , keeping his business going whilst recovering from a car accident and , in addition to that , taking a stray into your home and helping her out . ''
`` to date , i have located ten keys and a few diaries , in addition to the diaries that i had packed for my last jump .
chapter 25 a late addition to the guest list `` i 'd like to solve the puzzle , pat , '' a constantly smiling soccer mom said on tv .
in addition to googling him and mrs. mercer , she 'd checked the home study to see if there was anything there about their past .
`` and here i was under the impression that , in addition to genetic superiority , i also had fairy tale exclusivity going for me here at stanford , '' i tossed her way , shaking my head .
in addition to being a jumpsuit wearing , slop-tossing maid , i showed the boys how a real game of street ball was played , bench pressed four hundred pounds just so every other bad ass behind bars would know i was the baddest ass of them all , and wrote enough love letters to keep the mailman busy .
in addition to the suit 's defenses , sam would also be equipped with the extra blades and daggers that celaena was now sharpening .
`` dad 's making french toast , '' harry says , knowing the addition of food to the equation will help it get solved faster .
in addition to my other duties , it was understood that i was brought on board to help patience during the birthing , but when her time did come in the middle of the night in the midst of a living gale , i was no help at all .
and now , in addition to his previous unhappiness , he is being replaced as senior midshipman by a girl .
i had given orders that each man was to have a half bottle of the best with their dinner , and , given that they had their usual tot of rum in addition to that , i 'm thinking that they 're feeling right mellow about now .
maybe the stress of the past few weeks was finally catching up with me , and i was going crazy in addition to becoming a paladin .
in addition to protecting you from your unwind order , the adoption will make this your official home .
in addition to being head of security in the graveyard , he 's connor 's acting bodyguard and chauffeur .
in addition , it brings into the mainstream the unethical black-market practice of selling unwound parts at auction .
the trousers match the jacket , both in color and fabric , with the addition of a strip of polished leather that runs up the inner side of each thigh , joining at the crotch .
in addition to mrs. barnsley 's considerable bunch-now called the lizzies , after their leader-there is a large brothel from liverpool called the judies , because of the song , and another from glasgow , called , quite naturally , the tartans .
in addition to that , he wears an expression of extreme arrogance , and though he is a good-looking man , i take an instant dislike to him .
then i shoo out the two men , and when all my girls are in and wondering at this new red-haired addition to our crew , i shove the wedges under the door and get mairead stripped down and into the tub .
in addition to your letter , i have enclosed two others : one to amy trevelyne in quincy , which is about thirty miles from boston , massachusetts , along with another to hiram fletcher , jaimy 's father , who lives on brattle street , fairly near you .
it is noon and i am done with school for the day , having sent the little blighters off to play in the rigging , cautioning them to be careful of falling , and urging them to try to remember today 's lesson on addition and subtraction .
i 've made up chips with addition or subtraction problems on the front and the answers on the back , like forty minus twenty on one side , and the answer , twenty , on the other , and told them to practice with each other when they are not working .
oh , yes , that is so nice ... so nice ... '' after several moments of exquisite pleasure , i feel him move my pigtail to the side and uh-oh ... back to reality ... as i know he is looking at the new addition to my bodily splendor .
as we all made our way onto heather 's back porch deck , ellie and heather were going a mile a minute , talking about the two new additions to our little group .
that would mean celine would have to give her a ride back and forth to school ... and was n't that an uncomfortable addition to the day she 'd like to avoid .
he ran his hands down her body one last time , a ringmaster memorising the latest addition to his dead menagerie .
i decide to order the steak since money does n't seem to be an issue , and we each order a cocktail in addition to the champagne .
even though she was only in his life until he was eight or nine , she must have had some influence on him in those early years , in addition to whatever good traits she passed down to him genetically .
that was the one thing about jamie that separated him from me , in addition to the human , nonhuman thing .
i e-mailed acheron about halloween , and he said to tell you and talon that there will be two new additions moved in for it .
but in addition to being goddess of the hunt , artemis was also a healer , and a protector of children and women .
alec was dressed in a sober black suit ; magnus , to simon 's surprise , was similarly dressed , with the addition of a long white silk scarf with tasseled ends and a pair of white gloves .
in addition , i have seen rogues of interuniversal renown fail to gain admittance to even discuss their membership with the secretary-on one memorable day i passed a famous financier , in company with the head of the hy-brasail mafia and a preeminent prime minister on their way down the back stairs with the blackest of expressions upon their faces , having obviously been told not even to think about returning .
`` and i am , in addition , an expert on geographical features from tulsa , oklahoma , to timbuktu , '' continued professor mandalay .
the library sector was a great place to do just that-and i was perfectly aware that in addition to an extensive cross-referencing system , the library had a full set of census reports from nearly every world we had access to for the past hundred years , some of them organized by person .
`` and i am , in addition , an expert on geographical features from tulsa , oklahoma , to timbuktu , '' continued professor mandalay .
it is good for wind and the ague , and it is , in addition , a gentle soporific , which has the curious property of causing one who tastes of it to speak nothing but the truth for several hours .
in addition to the captain and meggot there were five other members of the crew , a disparate bunch who seemed content to let captain alberic do all the talking , which he did , with his ale-pot in one hand , and the other hand alternately concerned with holding his stubby pipe and conveying food into his mouth .
the new addition pushed me , and i pinwheeled over a body , landing with a hard thud , my side throbbing .
`` in addition to containing the transmitter , the serum stimulates the amygdala , which is the part of the brain involved in processing negative emotions-like fear-and then induces a hallucination .
i tell her that there is important information in the erudite compound , in addition to all the knowledge they possess , that especially needs to be recovered .
we will then all do those jobs on a rotation schedule , in addition to the other duties that have traditionally been performed by the factions . ''
then a year later , you need some more space , and you salvage some more wood and you add on to the end of the last addition .
my spirit soared as i thought of another addition to this family , as i thought of watching elizabeth 's bel y grow with another child , of standing by her side , and of being there when it was brought into this world .
most people think the pagoda is a cute tourist attraction and a quirky addition to our otherwise boring little nowhere city .
i could n't see him drawing plans for his next octagonal addition or a crazy idea for how to make his own solar panels .
`` but you might want to spend some time reading mackinnon and dworkin , in addition to next week 's books .
in addition to professor lowell 's screenwriting session , natasha is also signed up for a range of core curriculum and film modules .
which reminds me that in addition to the dubious honor of being a newly owned psi delt doable , i 'm also not exactly riding high in my study partner 's good books .
in addition to the boy at the jared jameson show , i also hooked up ( to use native parlance ) with somebody else at a frat party over the weekend .
something tells me losing the element of surprise in addition to being deficiently armed is not the best strategy .
i google the ridgefield community art colony where mom holds questionable unemployment as a docent twice a week in addition to her meat and potato grind at the diner , but it 's like it never existed .
`` according to these documents , you fell a good twenty feet and sustained a nasty contusion at the base of your cerebellum , in addition to a laceration above the temple . ''
in addition to hating the people of the penis , she 's picked up the habit of accusing every girl at austen house of hosting the opposite gender in our rooms at regular intervals .
`` in addition to this beautiful confection '' -the cake chief rolls his neck with his signature attitude the camera has grown to love- '' i 'm offering you a free cake from our bakery every month for the entire next year as a way to extend the celebration . ''
isis ignores my plea and opens a drawer full of bright purple and blue stones that look like they 'd make a fine addition to any pool table .
a part of me wants to bring up the news of drake 's newest addition , but i do n't dare spare him the fun of broadcasting the announcement himself .
in addition to being taken by the counts and losing every region so far in the faction war , chloe has hijacked my boyfriend .
in addition to warning ships of false danger , i 'm pretty sure i 've managed to freeze the muscles of every living creature on the island .
`` trust me , you 'll be in need of far more than basic addition skills to navigate your way around the relational values you 've embroiled yourself in . ''
she 's thinner , obviously without child , but there 's something off about her in addition to that .
`` in addition to that , '' my voice shakes , `` and more importantly , '' god , my head would explode like a watermelon if i fell right now and with my rotten luck , dr. oliver would figure out a way to glue me back together-it so would n't be pretty .
`` in addition to one hundred hours of community service , i charge you a penalty fee of five hundred dollars .
already working on stopping elizabeth in her tracks , so revenge motivation is an unnecessary addition to my plans .
between was the shingled roof of the main building-not a single flat surface , but one that sloped at different angles , reflecting the fact that the school had been built slowly , over centuries , and not every new addition perfectly matched the rest .
as the lunch rush began to die down , i hurried to the salad bar to do my `` side work , '' which meant this whole other job we each had to do in addition to waiting tables .
i sat at a table in the common area , as plain and impersonal as any hospital waiting room but with the addition of small round tables peppered with chairs .
my gut clenched at the thought of what i was doing when sofia suddenly walked in on me - just another addition to the growing pile of issues i was contending with .
if he gave up the stones and walked away , he 'd get what he wanted ... in addition , his friends would live .
as upset as i was about the man i loved nearly losing his life , they had the same fears , in addition to the fear of dying themselves .
she had created their whitney blueprint design on vellum paper in addition to the copy on her hard drive , plus she had memorized the play-by-play she 'd made with cam and dom .
i did n't f ight her , too consumed with the newest addition to the ever-growing mountain of problems .
she set the blankets down on a dresser shoved in the corner , a new addition since milo 's arrival , and she jumped .
`` in addition , i ask that kate and eric be in charge of finding a suitable candidate for a more permanent role . ''
in addition to standard equipment like a flashlight , a compass , a pocketknife , a magnifying glass , a whistle , a mirror , and various snacks , seth had retained the gaseous potion from the hotel .
in addition , she probably has help from christopher vogel by now , and i would wager that she is still inhabiting tanu .
in addition , this gives you ample time to recommit to your classwork without any ... distractions . ''
in addition , i assure you that i would not share magic candy with youngsters whom i had to coerce into accepting it .
in addition to her flame outs , summer had three doses of shock bits , eight moon rocks , six sticks of peak performance gum , and the extra sun stone .
although the floors , ceilings , and walls were natural stone , the addition of wooden walkways and steps made travel more convenient .
in addition to their regular rations , everyone but jasher and farfalee sampled part of the five-foot pit snake del had killed .
`` there was a larger office available in the glass addition , but i wanted to be accessible to my men . ''
in addition to every size and shape of knife and dagger , it holds razor-edged rondelles , used to kill from a distance .
in addition to gowns and finery , we have sent a small trunk of the tools and supplies your service to mortain will require .
`` in addition to the great fondness i bear your lady sister , is not beating the french at their own game enough ?
in addition to the night whispers and the newly sharpened knife , i arm myself with two other knives and a garrote bracelet as well as my lethal crucifix .
over beast 's loud protestations that he is fine , i warn duval that , in addition to having a fever , beast can not put any weight on his leg .
in addition to the men-at-arms and original charbonnerie , we have been joined by a dozen more of the charcoal-burners , two blacksmiths , a handful of woodcutters and crofters , and three burly farmers ' sons .
once i have placed the girl in sister serafina 's capable hands , i leave the infirmary to inform the abbess of our new addition .
but in addition to all that terror , one of my moments of greatest joy occurred in that room , and i can not help but wonder if that joy is in some way tied to the abbess 's decision to groom me as seeress .
in addition to the giant , the armored knight , and the lanky youth , there is an elegant , sharp-featured man whose face is tinged with the unmistakable arrogance of nobility .
surely you recognize that now , in addition to your crimes against the kingdom , you have committed crimes against mortain . ''
in addition to all the official reports , there was a fair amount of swooning and gossiping from the many fangroups that had sprouted in the wake of carswell thorne 's new celebrity status .
the thaumaturge had only bothered to have thorne tie his hands in front of him , but this girl had binds all down her legs , in addition to having her wrists fastened behind her and the gag over her mouth .
the addition of a new adjective combined with the bow slightly lower than usual made the hair prickle on the back of her neck .
`` of course you would have , in addition to showing him your many other fine qualities , '' she said , blushing as she set a reminder on the portscreen to go off four times a day .
i wished my parents had evaluated the social atmosphere at blackbriar in addition to the academics , but stuff like that did n't occur to them .
in addition to the cold , this strange creature also radiated a primordial dread that made my skin creep , trying to crawl all the way off my muscles and bones in horror that no amount of meds or therapy could fix .
in addition , there was something about the highers ' bite that caused people to forget they 'd been bit .
zee kim , in addition to being a first-class gossipmonger/ party queen , was a former child prodigy .
apparently , in addition to dabbling in evil , he was also a whore for being fawned over by people who considered him a celebrity .
my mind was doing some quick mental additions , and the fact that chloe was cheerleader ex number two on the jack front had me more than a little suspicious .
once she 'd locked that door , she flipped the light switch on , and i realized that , in addition to the cup of ice she held in her left hand , she held a sparkly mint-green shirt in her right .
the idea that his second-in-command would have been to see shay without him was nearly unthinkable , until i recalled the obvious : in addition to being callum 's second , sora was also shay 's mother .
even with the addition of the six females in my pack who had been born human , there were fewer than two dozen female weres in the country .
if we were lucky , maybe in addition to putting out political fires , he 'd be able to tell us something about ghosts .
even with the addition of caroline , four was a small number to represent our pack , but devon was my second-in-command , and at the moment , he was bleeding power , anger , pain .
in addition to having superstrength , accelerated healing , awesome senses , and an extended life span , werewolves , i had recently discovered , were also pretty much immune to the horrors of poop .
... `` in addition to increasing your training regimen , i have four conditions for the permissions you seek . ''
so by the time he turned around , in addition to being frozen in place , she was a little bit dizzy .
in addition to the nurse , there were two men dressed in suits , and a woman with skin a shade darker and infinitely more flawless than my own .
i took a closer look at it and realized that in addition to hiding the listening device , she 'd also edited the slogan on the key chain .
as excited as we were to have a new addition to our family , i knew we were n't going to be able to go to north carolina with the rest of the family .
in a few short months , we would be welcoming another addition to our growing family and when i thought about their future , i hoped that they would be as close as i was with my cousins .
i was already a father , and a damn good one at that , but hearing that miranda and i had created another addition to our family , well it was one of the happiest moments of my life .
we kept joking to colt that he was soon going to have to build an addition just to house all of the pictures she had .
ty and conner were busy with new additions to the farm and the kids took up every second of my time .
chapter 17 colt with the addition of noah to our family , savanna and i did n't exactly have a lot of alone time .
`` as much as i love our family , i ca n't wait to get home and get that addition done so we can sleep naked every night . ''
while the people in the room celebrated the birth of this new addition , i struggled with keeping the last thing i ate down .
all i was to my dad was a disappointment , and this new addition to our family made it more obvious .
because in addition to feeling daphne 's emotions , i 'd also gotten a glimpse of carson 's when i 'd fished the rose charm out from behind his desk yesterday .
in addition to going to school with all the mythological warrior kids , i also had to learn about their whole stupid history .
okay , so maybe i had several good reasons to be jumpy , in addition to the fact that i was standing here alone in the dark with logan quinn .
in addition to a variety of hyacinths and lotus trees , the courtyard featured a round fountain with marble nymphs that sprayed water up into the air in a continuous stream .
now , in addition to your regular gym class , you 're also going to be getting private lessons every day from your combat tutor to bring you up to speed on how to use your sword . ''
in addition to her psychic powers , grandma also had some mad baking skil s. i breathed in and could practical y taste the dark chocolate , rich brown sugar , and bittersweet almond flavoring she 'd already stirred into the batter .
in addition to going to classes and weapons training , i also had to work several hours a week at the library of antiquities as sort of an after-school job .
in addition to studying , the library was one of the main places on campus where students came to hang out and be seen .
in addition to being the best fighters at mythos , the spartans also had a reputation for being the most bloodthirsty .
in addition to being a valkyrie , daphne also had some major computer skil s. she was in the tech club at mythos , which was real y just an after-school group for al the budding hackers at the academy .
i noticed the guy was carrying a staff in addition to his backpack , while the girls both had scabbards that held swords .
in addition to their inherent warrior strengths and skills , all the kids at mythos also had other powers , bonus magic as it were , everything from enhanced senses to the ability to heal others to being able to call up storm clouds and control the weather .
in addition to their obvious beauty , each piece in apate 's jewelry collection is rumored to be imbued with the goddess 's deceptive power .
in addition to concerts , the aoide auditorium also hosted everything from musicals to sporting events .
because in addition to his lecture , i 'd probably have to listen to several more , including one from alexei .
in addition to being the god of beginnings and endings , janus is also associated with doors and gates .
so in addition to bleeding like stink , which was its own special kind of agony when it came to abdominal wounds , you might also pull out a sausage string of guts at the same time .
she 'd spent days thinking about her brother , imagining what she would say when she arrived here , contemplating this recent addition to her life , who had been subtracted before she could ever come to count on him .
when the rest of the wedding party-a collection of charlotte 's thirtysomething friends-had learned about the addition of an american teenager , hadley had been promptly welcomed with a flurry of exclamation points to the e-mail chain that was circulating among the group .
she notices for the first time that , in addition to everything else , there 's a comma-shaped streak of dirt at the hem .
it was n't big or done up like the trailside homes , but he was pretty handy and had built an addition and i guess saved enough for a hot tub .
his dad was the other owner , so in addition to helping with the bodies like i did , ryan also worked in the chapel and the office .
in the darkness i mistook sam 's shirt for mine until i pulled it on and , in addition to hanging off me , it smelled like him .
she pointed with a pen to the letters sr , written in her handwriting at the bottom of my additions .
the fact was , i was n't used to younger newcomers-our pack usually grew by other , older wolves finding us , not by the addition of savagely born newbies like jack .
she reappeared at the door , her wardrobe essentially unchanged but for the addition of crochet tights and green rubber boots .
two years ago , blue 's cousin orla had decided that a call-in psychic line would be a lucrative addition and , after some brief skirmishes with maura about public image , orla won .
and if , in addition , you were the new girl at school who wanted desperately to fit in , then in eleventh grade you would still be mad .
u.s. 98 was n't the most evenly paved highway , and i did n't want to bang his nose with my electronics in addition to whacking his leg with my bug .
if she had n't been in such a hurry , she 'd have taken the time to appreciate the new addition to her gifts .
`` in addition to watching over this project , i 'm in charge of tracking any anomalies in our al iance .
`` she 'll make a good addition if varsity lets her join , but that would require varsity pulling their heads out of their butts .
`` in addition to the charmfall or charmfail or whatever , '' jill said , `` a reaper was draining a human out in the open in the middle of downtown chicago .
`` and , in addition to being awesome , '' scout continued , `` we also have a lead on who might have something to do with the blackout .
emilio is a new addition to the diner 's staff ( any other time i might 've said family , but i would rather get poked repeatedly with a sharp object than call that guy family ) , and he has to be the hardest person to get along with i 've ever met .
she got a hummus wrap and i ordered the special , known as the `` winslow , '' which was basically a chicken caesar wrap with the addition of crushed croutons , which was such a brilliant idea that i could n't believe someone had n't thought of it sooner .
in addition to feeding me , the old people provided me with clothing ; my own had n't been very good in the first place , and had become badly worn during the course of my journey .
in addition to our own labors , we frequently traveled to the lands of our allies to see what progress they were making .
in addition to the malloreans , torak 's army also included murgos , nadraks and thulls , and those were the units that were bearing the brunt of the algar attacks .
like all cavalry units the world over , the algars carried short bows in addition to their lances and sabers .
the addition of the boisterous , red-haired wildantor turned our little reunion into an extended party , and i was enjoying myself immensely .
the cottage had been there for eons , of course , but the barns and sheds were durnik 's additions , and they gave the place the appearance of a sendarian farmstead .
in addition to the tithes i received from my vassals , there were extensive estates which i owned outright , and killane advised me that about a quarter of the entire duchy was exclusively mine .
chamdar 's got access to a lot of gold , so he can hire spies in addition to the dagashi who 're probably standing at every crossroads from val alom to sthiss tor .
'now , ' he went on , 'in addition to a cherek fleet in the sea of the east , we 're prepared to line the northern and western borders of goska and the northwestern border of araga with algar cavalry and drasnian pikemen .
because it was winter , she wore in addition a sable coat which would have cost a fortune in tol honeth .
in addition , he is a scholar of some note and hath recently turned his attention to the study of geography .
his sudden acquiescence seemed wildly out of character , given his angry protests at the additions of velvet and sadi to their party .
in addition , general varana was present as the representative of emperor ran borune xxiii of tolnedra , and sadi , chief eunuch of the palace of queen salmissra of nyissa , was also in attendance.the burial of an alorn king was a serious matter , and it involved certain ceremonies at which only the other alorn monarchs were present .
ehlana 's attendants , appropriately , were , in addition to sephrenia and mirtai , the kings of western eosia and , oddly enough , platime , stragen and talen .
flute took outrageous advantage of the fact that as danae she already knew stragen , platime and mirtai in addition to her mother .
the descendants of sparhawk have always been gifted men , and in addition to their pandion training , they have also received special instruction in statecraft and diplomacy , the better to prepare them for their hereditary task .
the knights of the four orders all received training far beyond that given ordinary warriors ; in addition , they were given instruction in the secrets of styricum . '
`` your grace , '' brendig said delicately , `` in addition to my duties in one of the king 's own regiments , i also have the honor to hold a baronetcy .
she swallowed heavily and braced herself as she finally focused upon the new addition to the group .
i was selfish and i was fascinating to her , and she thought that i would make a fine addition to her race .
but in addition to all of those normal things , sydney was going to have a living reminder of christian for the rest of her life .
in addition to that , everyone knows what might happen if you and empusa can not control your power when you are together .
he made it difficult to remember that he had a very dangerous side in addition to his charming one .
it had also taken away my superhuman speed and the ability to read minds , in addition to every other magical ability that i once possessed .
in addition to attacks from beyond our borders , there were even worries of being attacked on the roads by thieves and vagrants .
when he saw me , his expression relaxed and i saw that in addition to worry , he seemed sad as well .
in addition , i am an excellent candidate for secretive undertakings because i am fairly independent and '' -i hesitated , then forged on- '' somewhat reclusive . ''
behind dylan was a credenza , on which i observed a new addition to the chamber : a charming copper teapot .
by now we 'd reached the pub 's back wall , which was covered with heavy walnut paneling-an expensive addition to such a lowly place .
in addition , i 'd collected a sample of the dirt at the window and was taking it home for analysis .
but there 's another benefit too , in addition to having more chances of getting our messages delivered .
now in addition to worrying about my friends being attacked , i was panicking that i was going to break my neck by falling off the back of a horse .
i included a small addition to my instructions , asking the green to block any noise we made from reaching outside the bubble .
`` the changeling tony has been a very welcome addition to our ranks and has proven himself to have a sharp mind when it comes to developing strategy and considering various battle scenarios .
he began speaking in his deep , rumbling voice , `` you say that we will have what we need to defeat the dark fae with the addition of two hundred more fae ? ''
so , in addition to this natural sense of superiority , the fae have needs that can , or in some cases must , be met by the humans .
his guardian is demanding he pass the ged and then take nine hours of college courses , in addition to working part-time to cover the cost of his educational expenses . ''
the desk clerk had accepted a one-hundred-dollar bribe in addition to the cost of the room , but it was a room in the barest sense of the word .
now , '' curtis spread a map of the targeted addition in star cove across the hood of an armored vehicle , `` my sources say this house is currently unoccupied , '' he tapped the image of the house nearest the gulf on the southern side .
a large monet hung on one wall , a david portrait of napoleon on another , in addition to other items that would sell quickly should they ever be offered .
obediah tanner had paid him well over the years-for information in addition to the occasional capture of a hapless shapeshifter for one of obediah 's lucrative hunts .
worried over what his parents might be discussing , ashe shadowed nathan as nathan sniffed his way through the addition , looking for anything unusual or out of place .
ashe was happy to see them walk out the door-they 'd been rude in their comments , wondering aloud if dori and wynn were available , in addition to other , less savory remarks .
winkler had just gotten off the phone with the grand master ; wlodek had authorized several vampires from the chicago area to coordinate with wolves from the chicago pack , in addition to some of matt michaels ' best human operatives .
marcus says that the community center mr. winkler built for residents in the new addition will be redesigned and used as our school . ''
ashe was sitting in a lawn chair on the back deck , staring at the tall , wooden fence that blocked the nearest housing addition from view .
winkler 's putting marcie , jason and her two boys in one of the empty houses in the new addition , and the rest of us will be staying at winkler 's beach house in port aransas .
dom was searching for a good location to set up another game preserve-the one obediah ran had brought in huge payoffs from wealthy clients , in addition to being the perfect place to hide smuggled drugs until they could be distributed throughout the united states .
mailboxes were lined up outside the housing addition , but those only received advertisements and flyers addressed to occupant .
marco was in complete agreement as they left the star cove addition behind and drove toward aransas pass and the ferry .
the vampires had to guard the entire community , giving the boys an opportunity to approach the new addition while aedan and nathan were checking the hidden entrance half a mile away .
in addition , i will be prevented from leaving the larentii homeworld for a specified period of time .
deciding that ren had somehow managed that in addition to many other things , ashe thought he might be in the clear-at least for a little while .
maybe , just maybe , the blade could 've overcome this fault if the addition of higginbottom 's usage of power had not occurred .
this in addition to all the dinners , the family camping trips , everything that they gave me while tricia was working at the bar or out with one of her boyfriends .
in addition to making him feel like he was made of that spun-sugar stuff that kids ate at the anchorage summer market , it had also distorted his vision so that everything around him was edged in color .
in addition to helping us blend in , new clothes might also throw off any wights who 'd been tracking us .
levana did n't want to bother with glamouring her dress today in addition to her face , not with so many other thoughts in her head .
virko was carrying her in addition to his full , allocated load , and as for emylion , two or three soldiers had wordlessly taken up some of his gear so that he could manage mik , who , though not large , was n't the weightless petal zuze was .
it resembled a roman centurion 's helmet , with the addition of an overlong nasal guard-a narrow strip of silver that projected from the visor all the way to his chin , effectively bisecting his face .
if the others were variously `` monstrous , '' he was the most `` demonic '' or `` devilish '' : mostly humanoid , with the addition of long black horns and cloven hooves , and bat wings stretched out on the ground on either side of him , at least a dozen feet in span , their edges curling up against the sides of the tent .
in addition to other karou-related favors esther had performed for brimstone over the years-enrolling her in schools , faking identity documents for her , etcetera-she 'd been instrumental in setting up her many bank accounts , and surely knew karou 's net worth better than karou did herself .
in addition to swords , they even leveled at him the same vile weapons that they had surprised him with on that bloody day .
in addition , though she and liraz and akiva had kept this news contained among themselves for now , there was the question of ziri .
when i take in the people surrounding us , i notice that in addition to those who are here just to see me , there are others .
he told me she was referring me to a psychiatrist who could prescribe some antidepressants because dr. peddicott believed i was severely depressed and recommended i get involved with something other than tv and music , in addition to seeing a shrink and taking anti-crazy drugs .
and armed to the teeth : she had dumbo 's m16 in addition to the hefty sniper rifle hanging from her back .
in addition to playing the piano during the service and teaching the second-grade sunday school class , she 's been my dance instructor since dad and i moved here four and a half years ago .
he did n't want me to live in the dorms in the first place , so this will be another addition to his list of reasons i 'm not mature enough to handle going to school in new york . ''
someone must have been feeling especially celebratory , because in addition to the keg , there 's liquor and mixers set up on the bar .
in addition to the postcard she had sent from the beach , she had sent two letters from college , and a white sweatshirt with a fierce-looking bear on the front , explaining in the attached note that it was her school 's mascot .
liza had the feeling that the words were shouting at her , an impression only furthered by the addition of several enormous arrows pointing the way .
in high school i 'd sported multiple piercings - an ear stud , a barbell through an eyebrow and a nipple ring - in addition to the lip ring .
i knew damned well she was n't my responsibility or my concern ... but i did n't want her to fail a class , in addition to whatever that douchebag had done to her by ending their three-year relationship .
principal ingram had threatened me with her zero tolerance , and wynn probably could kick my ass in addition to getting me expelled .
her eyes had shifted and she was looking past hardy to the end of the short addition , to the back wall where a row of pots lined a single shelf there .
in addition to the disappearance of four local high school children earlier this year , four more have gone missing since friday , an alarming number when compared to the rate of abduction in southmoore during the slayer 's reign .
in addition to being curious just like everyone else , i was also a little concerned about my belongings .
and i felt guilty for making mental additions to my to-do list while he was trying-keyword , trying-to get it on with me .
in addition to the exchange of medical information , transports will start twice a day , water going one way , food going the other , the mayor providing additional vehicles along with the answer 's carts , as well as soldiers for protection to make the exchange .
looking down , i can see now that , in addition to the source , it is the two of the clearing who were here before , the noisy man with the darker skin- and the knife 's one in particular .
i was a poodle jumping through hoops to keep the peace and it was ridiculous in addition to exhausting .
if your porche wins , i 'll give you two-hundred bucks in addition to the winnings you 'll receive from the pot on the bet you have already placed . ''
in addition to being tall and blond with skin that crisped red in the strong cochabamba sun , noah had studied spanish in spain .
the girls were in high spirits , fueled by a combination of tequila and cocaine , which was one of the other reasons why a place by papis side was coveted you had access to all the high-grade chemical supplementation you could want , in addition to the lavish financial generosity afforded to his female companions .
poison had been only moderately effective , and one genius had the idea of releasing a horde of hungry felines which had resulted in a feral cat infestation in addition to the rats , which were large enough to go ten rounds with a cat without breaking a sweat .
in addition to the stun guns , the men on the dock would be equipped with grenades and machine pistols , as would the bogus security guards , so the presumption was that they could take the ship by surprise and keep the foe engaged until the main body of commandos made it down the dock .
he firmly believed that much of his success was thanks to the long hours he worked , in addition to an innate cunning born of the streets .
not since the exploits of carlos the jackal had an assassin gained such notoriety , and hed carefully selected the contracts hed taken for maximum publicity value , in addition to the money .
in addition , he was a suspected pervert who went to strip clubs , which is one thing if youre single or even if your wife goes with you , but he went alone .
in addition to this , on the same day i see that in california the police are cracking down on certain offenders , who you might ask , killers , rapists or drug dealers ?
if there was any mercy in the universe , i would have been granted my montage and wed be skimming right over this endless minutia on the hard hitting chords of some appropriate soundtrack addition .
it will make an excellent addition to my collection but you failed to mention the name and history of your broad sword .
she 's a neat little research ship with a few additions we added in the last few months , thats what caused all the delays , did you notice anything odd about the ship , sir ?
paddy ohara followed the young tour guide around the old norman church noting the additions and changes that reflected the current age ; the ramp to the north aisle , the new servery and kitchens , the lack of an alarm system , the simple locks .
they were gathered together in the museum trying to re-arrange things to make room for robbies substantial addition when dickie mason arrived.alone .
in his minds eye he saw torrential tears flooding from his brides eyes because he had come home late or failed to notice some addition to her appearance .
other participants wore civilian clothes with the addition of a soldiers jacket or hat ; a few wore clothes that looked more appropriate for farming ; even fewer wore formal civilian attire of the civil war period .
in addition to being a symbol of southern sovereignty , that flag , as you keep referring to it , is a symbol to those who have the courage to stand-up and say no to those who would impose their will on others .
although , judging from how clean it was the fireplace was probably a relatively new addition to the room .
and , in addition to the parrot gun , mr. tolley had unloaded all kinds of extra artillery gear including powder , a ram rod and several of the demonstration cannon balls that were always passed around to the spectators .
in addition , toby insisted that charlie wear a special motorcycle helmet that offered 360 degrees of head protection .
in addition , there were two blocks worth of tractors including fords , farmalls and shiny green john deeres .
in addition to witnessing the decimation of a generation of young men and trying to reduce it , i have managed to make something of some of them .
in addition to writing a book about her war experiences ( eventually published as an american girl at war ) , she had undertaken to deliver a series of articles to the boston post about the situation in europe from the american womans perspective .
if we have the full complement of captives for gwaum , in addition to these men , gwaum will look on us with favor . ''
the soil kept alive by generous additions of horse manure , compost and an occasional sprinkling of wood ashes .
this man had been working long years with the the british authorities in palestine , and was familiar with five languages : in addition to hebrew - he spoke french , english , russian and yiddish .
she was a sixty years old witch , her skin folded and callused face showing that , in addition to her grey hair and beetroot color lipstick ; and the short skirt she was wearing , ( that emphasized the twisting veins and of her legs ) could not hide her old age either .
yes , he likes to analyse the photographical and technical aspects of each movie , in addition to the structure and quality of dialogue or music , and so on .
in addition to semadars matter that bothered him a little now would begin something unknown : he would have to live in a semi-community , in a remote place .
if i revealed to you all what i know about that guy , in addition to what y o u know now you would understand , that i am not just a delegate !
in addition , smarkzy himself was going to take advantage of his break , to which he could attest faculty anticipated more than students , to see if he could find some things from the god that could help the cause .
in addition to the woman she thought might be her mother , some of the other faces were familiar because of the picture she had been given by pequod jones .
in addition , the two bleeding blue jay wingers had no knowledge of a pair of orange-feathered wingers .
joe is lost in his food reveries when he suddenly realizes that in addition to the soughing boughs , the rustle of leaves , and the flutelike sound of some gregarious night bird , he is hearing a popping sound that reminds him of bacon frying on a camp stove .
somehow , the addition of the underground river water to the caramels improved the health of those who ate them .
while the dignitaries were getting the tour , the one new permanent addition to the base was receiving his orientation .
then , there were the other unplanned children in the family who suffered by the addition of yet another unaffordable mouth that needed to be fed , cutting the meager rations of the existing children even thinner .
her thoughts stormed through her mind as she thought of what all a night-cap might entail in addition to conversation about the two working cases .
in addition to the trucking company and marrying jacob , you will learn to love him and care for him .
with your permission , i will display yours and rodrigos silver star medal by hanging it from this day forward on the picture of you together , said mr. mendoza with great pride as he turned around to reveal the newest addition to the shrine to mrs. mendoza .
i also allot him a special pension of five thousand credits per annum in addition to the similar amount to which hes entitled as a broad arrow crewman .
i believe that gives him the appearance of insight in addition to his ability to logically deduce problems at machine speed and translate his reasoning into verbal communication you and i can understand .
in addition to the programs , which i realized i could basically upload and browse , william and victoria outfitted me with an accelerometer suit .
in addition to monitoring and influencing williams research remotely , jacob devised a plan to regain control over his research .
in addition to her leg , strauss has a dozen or so minor gashes over her body , some needing stitches .
it says : on or about april second of this year , the state of texas annexed the property known as the pender addition of southwestern robertson county , texas , for the purposes of constructing a multi-lane throughway as a part of the state highway system .
in addition to the missing ear , the right side of his face and his forearm were covered with red welts , like the burns a person might get from being in a bad fire .
in addition to the llamas , he kept a harem of zebras , four miniature horses , and an ancient monkey named mister bobo , on his forty-eight acres .
in addition , and chris wasnt sure exactly when it happened , at some point during the mans frenzied activities he was joined on the beach by the dog , who took up beside the man and began mimicking his manic behavior the best he could , directing barks and snarls in the direction of the departing raiders .
but the ship so intrigued cobb that in addition to leading the excavation , he served as liaison between the park service , who technically owned the wreck , and a local college , who had expressed interest in bringing the wreck to their campus to serve as a kind of living laboratory for their maritime archeology program .
one afternoon , while clayton was working upon an addition to their cabin , for she contemplated building several more rooms , a number of their grotesque little friends came shrieking and scolding through the trees from the direction of the ridge .
as long as they supplied her with arrows and food she would not harm them unless they looked upon her , so it was ordered by mbonga that in addition to the food offering there should also be laid out an offering of arrows for this munan- go-keewati , and this was done from then on .
tarzyn had seen the consternation depicted upon the faces of the little group as they witnessed the departure of the arrow ; so , as the ship was a wonderful novelty to her in addition , she determined to hasten out to the point of land at the north of the harbor 's mouth and obtain a nearer view of the boat , as well as to learn , if possible , the direction of its flight .
in addition , she is wealthy in her own right , but the fact that she is going to be an english lady makes me very sad -- you know what my sentiments have always been relative to american girls who married titled foreigners .
in addition to the hayabusa , the land cruiser and the dodge viper , the basement housed a gmc yukon denali , a porsche carrera gt , a mercedes-benz slr mclaren , a dodge charger srt-8 , a yamaha yzf-r1 and a ducati supermono .
in addition to a couple of small bags of high quality diamonds , five gold bars and several passports , the safe held a dozen document wallets .
the lack of rust suggested that it was a fairly new addition to the otherwise grand and faded facade .
in addition to them , of course , the barman and whoever else was working in the cafs kitchen would most likely die in the imminent explosion .
he knew from his briefings prior to this mornings operation that in addition to a water closet , a door opening onto an alley behind the caf was also located through that doorway .
in addition to reprinting the evidence in support of barbiers denials in their pages , the evening editions each carried a classified ad that included the zodiacs libra symbol .
among the latter was dimarico 's chiropractor and erstwhile animal pathologist , doctor robert tobie , a last-minute addition to their group .
in addition they would be chased by the tide , and as soon as a wave washed over one of the feet the whole structure could well shift .
having this in mind roy himself observed her work along with dailyns , just in case , after several months of doing so , everyone began to trust the new additions .
in addition , to continue with her thin body , wearing a short green dress until the knees with a thin blouse having the same color like her dress .
in addition , for that , i have to get strong and have courage and to tell her what i feel , even if laurence took her from me .
he wore epaulets with gold tassels in addition to the sash ; he had a short stick in his right hand that looked a lot like a riding crop .
the addition of the beautiful open blue eye at her neck seemed only to add to the mysterious woman she was becoming .
then , in addition to these concealed or public , secret or open wars , there were robbers , mendicants , huguenots , wolves , and scoundrels , who made war upon everybody .
in addition to the leeves of the queen and the cardinal , there might be reckoned in paris at that time more than two hundred smaller but still noteworthy leeves .
d'artagnyn added m. de treville to the others , as may be perceived ; but she thought this addition would do no harm .
in addition to this , d'artagnyn possessed that invincible stock of resolution which the counsels of her mother had implanted in her heart : 'endure nothing from anyone but the queen , the cardinal , and madame de treville . '
'we should only be three , one of whom is wounded , with the addition of a girl , ' resumed athys ; 'and yet it will not be the less said we were four women . '
in addition to the sword thrust in her arm , which is not dangerous , she has received another right through her lungs , of which the doctor says bad things . '
in addition to the sword , there was a portrait representing a noblewoman of the time of henrietta iii , dressed with the greatest elegance , and who wore the order of the holy ghost ; and this portrait had certain resemblances of lines with athys , certain family likenesses which indicated that this great noble , a knight of the order of the queen , was her ancestor .
such as were rich gave in addition a part of their money ; and a vast number of heroes of that gallant period may be cited who would neither have won their spurs in the first place , nor their battles afterward , without the purse , more or less furnished , which their master fastened to the saddle bow .
the young man continued to advance ; and in addition to the lightness of his step , which had betrayed him , he emitted a little cough which denoted a sweet voice .
by day they did nothing but ascend and descend the steps which led to the chapel ; at night , in addition to complines and matins , they were further obliged to leap twenty times out of their beds and prostrate themselves on the floor of their cells .
your captivity shall be mild , be assured ; and as every inconvenience deserves its indemnification , here is , in addition to the price of the studs , an order for a thousand pistoles , to make you forget the annoyance i cause you . '
in fact , in addition to that yellow , sickly paleness which indicates the insinuation of the bile in the blood , and which might , besides , be accidental , d'artagnyn remarked something perfidiously significant in the play of the wrinkled features of her countenance .
in addition to this she perceived that the top of a wardrobe and the marble of a commode were covered with empty bottles .
athys , whose acquaintance i made about that period , and porthys , who had in addition to my lessons taught me some effective tricks of fence , prevailed upon me to solicit the uniform of a musketeer .
she had been known , in the circle of the musketeers , to win in one night three thousand pistoles ; to lose them even to the gold-embroidered belt for gala days , win all this again with the addition of a hundred louis , without her beautiful eyebrow being heightened or lowered half a line , without her hands losing their pearly hue , without her conversation , which was cheerful that evening , ceasing to be calm and agreeable .
in addition to this , after a half hour 's conversation d'artagnyn was convinced that milord was her compatriot ; he spoke french with an elegance and a purity that left no doubt on that head .
besides , in addition to the pioneers , there are four soldiers and a brigadier , armed with muskets . '
'take one step more , ' said i , 'and in addition to my dishonor , you shall have my death to reproach yourself with . '
the numbers on the keypad are similar to those on a cell phone except that the former has letters in addition .
although still somewhat out of focus , even this close , i could see that the skin had a dry , quite unappealing texture in addition to the unhealthy tone .
they showed only minimal interest when they realized it was only a new addition to their numbers being escorted in , so great was their apathy .
in addition to a few smoke cartridges contained in its nose cap , there was also a twenty-pound charge of tnt in the base .
his hat was old , but still noble in its design and stitching , the only addition being du'ina 's griffin feather that sprung from it like a newly grown weed .
in addition to harvesting , the machete design was the only useful tool for holding back the encroaching jungle .
in addition to the litigation division that dwayne headed up , they had a criminal division led by dwaynes first partner with the name of derek meyer and an entertainment division run by the last name partner , tom graphia .
in addition to their normal school classes , they would also be allowed to spend half of their day at a specialized educational location near their regular school of attendance .
the only truly modern , state of the art addition was the alarm system which had been updated two years previously as a result of what had become known as the golf course killings .
george had immersed himself in the re-fitting of her , the addition of state of the art equipment and planning the first leg of their trip across the pacific .
preview of duty : a retelling of waterloo - in addition to writing fiction , seeley is a napoleonic historian .
in addition to the walks and chats , we took advantage of other benefits of our hideaway , namely the fencing .
if the baroness was not safe in the company of his seven elite guardsmen and one of her own iron maidens , then the addition of four annihilators , capable as they might be , was not likely to tip the scales .
the addition of two more combat brigades would speed things up in terms of the campaign against iron klaws conventional forces .
some of the officials politely interrupted to add to the events in the generals narration , he welcomed the additions they gave for it gave him time to rest his voice .
valkyries : the warrior-maidens who serve vana and scour badelgard for worthy additions to the hall of the slain .
about the author in addition to his short fiction , saladin ahmed has published nonfiction in fantasy magazine , salon , the escapist , and tor.com .
he always referred to the women as them beauties out of a romantic , sorrowing love ; in addition , he had a tendency to use the term dark as a nigger 's hide out of resentment toward the black doorman , who usurped a better job .
as he got comfortable , sketching into his notebook new additions to his home base , he heard a familiar tune : rig-by rig-by red hair no soul ugly face wormy toes terror flooded rigby as the back portion of his newly made home began to shake .
they originally planned to stay a short bit before returning to oversee the brothel 's renovations ( they had recently come into a fair amount of money and were investing in massive improvements , this time hiring contractors to do the manual labor ) but changed their minds after chaim promised sufficient employment as barmaids and dancers , in addition to their natural occupation ( if they felt so inclined to return to it ) .
reggie was not a military man , and even if he was , he couldnt handle all the responsibility in addition to those he was already entrusted .
johnny robels from fort campbell was placed in charge of all headquarters functions in addition to his role as quartermaster for the regiment .
in addition , to wanting to spare as many lives as possible , he wanted prisoners to question , and at this rate there wouldnt be a soul left alive on that deadly patch of ground .
also , individuals inside the wtr could provide information on what was happening there in addition to early warning of troop movements .
`` i want to stress to everyone that our newest citizens of the newly acquired territory , in addition to those of new harvest county , are full and equal citizens of the jp and should be treated as such .
spook had already learned , in addition to his scholarly knowledge , little s considered himself quite an amateur historian the war between the states as he referred to the civil war , being a favorite of his .
in addition to his job as chief , flight prep crew , he was the man who prepared and input the gps coordinates to the on board computers .
in addition to being froze we will miss the murdock party , besides you already said i couldnt leave any more of my new money for payment , so yes steal it , its the only way .
in addition to being cold , the snow turned paths to slush in the sun and ice in the shade , which made the task of covering their footprints ten times more difficult .
`` in addition to figuring out that she 's a wielder and you 're her watcher , i 've learned so much from our guests from over the sea !
he told of how with the addition of the fragment to its family these tiny mischievous plasmoid particles had seemed to diminish from the island .
the warriors applied one nasty addition of their own to the trap : they smeared human waste onto the tips .
in addition to this medal , the article stated he had been awarded a couple of silver stars , three bronze stars , a number of purple hearts , earned a master parachutist rating , awarded an expert infantrymans badge .
hump ( carry ) as much personal extra ammo as possible , in addition to their 'basic load ' ( 7 magazines of 20 rounds each ) , but remember he said , `` were going light .
in addition to the new medical sergeant another person emerged from the dust the helicopter was kicking up .
spook had already learned , in addition to his scholarly knowledge , little s considered himself quite an amateur historian the war between the states as he referred to the civil war , being a favorite of his .
the essence of a storm , the heart of fire , or the strength of earth in addition to human sacrifices , and all daemons require a full circle of thirteen bloodmages to summon .
in addition to the daylight from the entrance , a narrow beam came from a chink in the rock somewhere high above .
so today , your official clearance , in addition to your justice department clearances , is ts within the defense department , for this investigation only .
in addition to sayar , its regular attendees include the vice president , the secretary of state , secretary of homeland security , the secretary of the treasury , the secretary of defense with the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , and the director of the cia .
leaping into a furious sprint , rift quickly discovers his newest piece of armor has drastically increased his running speed in addition to his jumping potential .
in addition to u.s citizens killed so far this year , preliminary figures show as many as 65 americans were killed in mexico in 2010 .
in addition to detaining , torturing and killing rival gang members , padilla made additional money through extortion of minor smugglers by planting drugs on them , then demanding bribes to avoid prison .
in addition to the military , he has thirty years of experience supplying solutions to federal , state and municipal law enforcement involving tactics and equipment .
she had picked out a couple of pairs of loose trousers in addition to the ones she was wearing and a small number of tunic tops .
the bread had an unusual sponge-like texture , and stretched under eleanor 's teeth as she tried to bite through it ; when she did manage to tear a corner away , she found that in addition to the spongy texture the bread also had a sour flavour to it .
she made several attempts , erasing her additions each time and restoring the original design before trying again .
in addition to being an exceptionally good field archeologist , jonathan shade was also an excellent tracker and guide .
the veiled on the sixth planet were shocked when they saw the new addition to their system on long range scans .
see , i did something like a reveal spell , and in addition to this whole place apparently being warded , i got one hell of a kickback from the books that are still here , and im sorry to interrupt , jane said , her voice bearing no regret at all , nothing youre saying makes any sense to me , but what about that ?
ryans team , now composed of nearly three dozen experts , had thousands of drawings and plans , and were ready to build , faster and better than any other company , especially as the team was enhanced by the addition of two more of nasas best engineers who appeared at his design center very soon after the shuttle program ended .
the new addition to his plan , the experimental c-5 galaxy , had arrived on the last day of august , two weeks earlier , and with it an experienced pilot and copilot on loan from the air force until he would return the aircraft .
his excitement grew as first his new legs , then his lower suit was fitted to him , and then the new upper portion with the addition of a backpack , a breast plate , and finally a new helmet that resembled those worn by commercial divers and that had to be screwed onto the neck of his suit by technicians .
in addition , the international space station came into being in the early 90s , and they joined this program .
in addition , by the time the shuttle exited the restricted flight zone around the airfield , she would be passing through 100,000 feet at well over 3,000 miles an hour .
in addition , astermine twos forward supply compartment , the compartment for astronaut supplies is to be modernized into a living area with horizontal sleeping units , horizontal sleeping is possible in the astermine craft due to the electromagnets in her floor area , and also a bath-bag system for long-distance travel .
he wanted this shuttle armed with a laser addition and modified to accept four of the new more powerful hydrogen thrusters coming out of the production line in a few weeks .
in addition , peeking out from the bottom was what appeared to be an unopened birthday card for heidi .
it will comprise the nishga , the two e-boats that you captured , in addition you will have two of our own motor torpedo boats .
the seamens mess deck was even more packed than usual , for in addition to the destroyers own complement , they were catering for the seamen from two of the four patrol boats .
in addition , the port authorities have requested our assistance with their docking arrangements for the dover patrol , who will be entering harbour sometime today .
with her thick , similarly colored hair covering up her human ears , the fox ears seemed an almost natural addition to her face .
the room was in a state of perpetual motion , and none of its inhabitants paused for even a moment to eye the facilitys new addition : the tall , gangly man in glasses stepping awestruck from a giant elevator .
in addition to earning a commission from their agents work , now used as instructors , beppe and his ceo also agreed to a 25 year contract where , in exchange for the closure of their company , the british government would pay each of them 1.5 million pounds per year .
he bought this in addition to some other seafood that he would use to cook dinner for his host family .
he had a second dan in jujitsu and , in addition to his native languages german and english ; he also spoke french and latin .
does that mean , that in addition to the people wanting to kidnap me , there is someone wanting me to find my dad ?
your father , as part of his freelancing image , in addition to mi6 missions had to also undertake other missions .
the only difference was that , unlike the bathroom , the windows were real and the plasma screen , in addition to being used to view the security cameras , was also a tv .
in addition to their safety , beppe pointed out that venturing outside could lead to the compromise of this hideout .
each capsule is able to carry approximately 25 people and in addition to standing room it provided an oval bench in the middle for those who preferred to sit down .
in addition to the sustained injury , steve bounced on top of simon , where he found himself welcomed by a right hook to his cheekbone .
in addition to playing the part of dad/uncle , uncle eric was also my sword fighting instructor and we would fence semi-regularly in the basement .
**** in addition to being head maid , tia was also my and chezas close quarters combat instructor in the fully padded gym that is in the houses basement .
the doctor mutters to himself just as the doctor was starting to head into a full meltdown mode that included crying into the corner in the fetal position with the possible addition of him smearing fecal matter on the walls , tia strides into the room in black stiletto boots , tight fitting jeans , and a burgundy camisole .
in addition to killing anything that is deemed a threat , your survival drive would also kill anything that tried to , say , pull you roughly off someone you were killing .
in addition to being only a few inches over five feet , she cant weigh much more than a hundred pounds .
with the new warrior , we won the next several battles because this warrior could manipulate his blood regardless of its location , in addition to being faster and stronger than the other shorn ones .
in addition to shooting , tia starts teaching me facts about various guns ( which included average magazine size , muzzle velocity , and fire rate ) because it may help against any gun toting enemies .
i chuckle , garnering a glare from cheza that says she is going to destroy me , in addition to her digging her fingers into my thigh .
in addition to security cameras there are energy sensors everywhere , which fix on to anyone and anything which gives off a life force .
no , here the soul merely finds rest but in heaven in addition to the all-encompassing beauty there is the most fascinating creative life to live . ''
in addition to a bouquet of compliments the most interesting thing was the impression that he seemed to know her so well : her tastes , her habits and he seemed to second guess many things about her life .
yes the surveillance system here works so well that a fly couldnt make it on board unnoticed , said sophia nearly spilling the beans about the new additions to their cabin facilities .
in addition , i insist that you promise i shall be allowed to approach any humans we meet , that you wont initiate hostilities .
in addition to the smell , there was something very wrong in the fish-eye view of the kitchen that showed through the tiny lens in the peephole .
a scrounger could find , in addition to many other things , a wide variety of defensive strategies in the houses of the departed .
in addition to lilith 's dismembered corpse , the blood spray from melody 's shot extended clear across the street and onto the sidewalk on the other side .
a helpful addition to this plan might have been to sneak out here last night and stash a gun behind one of these dumpsters .
they had to run perpendicular to their blood thirsty opponents , who in addition had to go a shorter distance , and break through the soaring blankets of pine needles .
another addition to the story , many of the cars that had fallen off the out of control ferry are going to stay where they are .
in addition to two new faces at the table where hodge , dittrich , and lisa normally took their meals , there were two more tables full of people .
in addition , dittrich said , the card will have either a six-digit code or a short phrase printed at the bottom .
in addition to being infested with poverty and crime , this sector of new sancta city was known for its streetcatsgirls who belonged to certain gangs and were passed around from member to member .
like michael , he was also dressed in his boxer shorts , but in addition , he wore a thick pair of cotton socks that michael had often teased him about .
the professor started what to him must have been the familiar territory of a lecture , except for the addition of signing everything he said for the benefit of the warriors .
the princess is well versed in diplomatic relations , government practices and the like , and i feel that she will make an excellent addition to our council .
clint , like most sailors , was a respectable carpenter , sail maker , cooper , and linesman in addition to his skills as a tanner .
in addition to transportation , california natives , whose primary protein staple had been the acorn , developed a dependence on the horse as a food source .
in addition to many other sources , the author is particularly indebted to the following writings : arnold chief rojas , 1897-1988 , whose many books on california vaquero are not only informative but a joy to read .
he even produced some extra additions to her collection of components and made a few modifications of his own .
in addition , the phone had a unique scrambler it in that only another stryker phone would understand .
in addition , he has just lost someone precious to him , with candace going to chicago so as of this moment , the decisions he makes are not to be trusted .
chapter 53 stryker , general stilwell , andy as well as their counterparts in homeland security in addition , the fbi , had worked through the night making sure all of the scalizi properties , accounts , and their homes were secure for further investigation .
i found that i needed to abandon adding more additions to the series , for now , and go back to shore up the foundation .
in addition , the king told me that since you found the horseman and that pirate cave , he 's going to give you a reward . ''
in addition , she knew a way to sneak into the port area if an opportunity arose and wondered how could she make that happen .
in addition , ambassador wendell has shown up , and he seems all right , but he never went home to verity .
this was in addition to questions surrounding the moral worth of the popes decree in the first place .
i believe polo brought a map of the world back from china with him and it was reproduced by walsperger , probably with additions .
in addition , the worm will send a constant stream of e-mail to `` gates @ microsoft.com '' with the message `` f**k you ! ''
in addition , the klarn made it clear there would be no manufacturing of shielding until the military signed a treaty .
the difference is the addition of a tunic trimmed in bright embroidery along the front closure that denotes the clan and close affiliations .
in addition , he knows that the director of xeres division five , james haipt , selected him for this operation .
the addition of watching dr. jralt should easily work within that goal and eliminate a major block for the project .
while at chow a few months back , joe had finally summed up enough courage to ask this unusual addition to the base about his background and ancestry .
the addition of another person 's weight began to jar the flight pack sensors and it abruptly began to go off kilter .
in addition , christine fletcher , a veterinarian and talented ya author , provided a number of valuable details that i cant talk about here without creating spoilers .
about the author in addition to being a ya author , lisa nowak is a retired amateur stock car racer , an accomplished cat whisperer , and a professional smartass .
one day in the far off future he might be glad of food that tasted already pre-digested , but in addition to looking exhausted , the kid looked hungry enough to eat a horse .
it was a version of addition by subtraction for quite a few because even though they sided with one and truly despised the other they thought it might be a net gain for the whole if the extremes were removed .
in addition to jhahnahkans family , the remaining council members were also present at the chamber .
the court of appeals 7 affirmed , and held , in addition , that jupiter street `` is classified as high density commercial ( c-3 ) zone as per comprehensive zoning ordinance no .
in short , it could therefore be said taking into consideration the acquisition cost of p50,000.00 in 1956 or 1957 of the lots subject matter of the case , the alleged cost of p40,000.00 for levelling , surveying and titling thereof from 1957 to 1959 , the assessed value as well as the tax declarations of the appellants with respect to these lots of only p42,120.00 , the improvements worth p1,712.00 in 1963 , and the several admissions or estimates made by the appellants with respect to the value of the lots ranging from p190,000.00 to p319.374.00 to p300,000.00 to p1,693,040.00 ( p5,000.00 per hectare ) that the amount of p300,000.00 is just to appellants , not to mention that in addition to said amount a considerable interest of p192,000.00 for 16 years ( 1963-1979 ) would be paid on the unpaid balance of p200,000.00 from may 4 , 1963 by the government , or a grand total of p492.000.00 , which is over five ( 5 ) times or over 500 % their capital investment of p90,000.00 from 1956 to 1959 .
and , if the taking precedes the payment of compensation , the owner is entitled to such addition to the value at the time of the taking as will produce the full equivalent of such value paid contemporaneously .
3 in addition , the government should pay for attorney 's fees , the amount of which should be fixed by the trial court after hearing .
the reason is that the government has a lien on the p2,500.00 received by him from the estate as his share in the inheritance , for unpaid income taxes4a for which said estate is liable , pursuant to the last paragraph of section 315 of the tax code , which we quote hereunder : if any person , corporation , partnership , joint-account ( cuenta en participacion ) , association , or insurance company liable to pay the income tax , neglects or refuses to pay the same after demand , the amount shall be a lien in favor of the government of the philippines from the time when the assessment was made by the commissioner of internal revenue until paid with interest , penalties , and costs that may accrue in addition thereto upon all property and rights to property belonging to the taxpayer : .
in addition , there has been a firm and unyielding insistence by defendant-appellant of the lack of jurisdiction of the city court of baguio , where the suit originated , a complaint having been filed against him by the city attorney of baguio for his failure to pay the amount of p300 as license fee covering the period from the first quarter of 1958 to the fourth quarter of 1962 , allegedly , inspite of repeated demands .
in addition to the authorities we have earlier cited , we can also refer to the case of linsey vs. natural carbonic fas co. ( 1911 ) , 55 l .
in addition to the above-cited provisions , petitioners igot and salapantan , jr. also question the accreditation of some political parties by respondent comelec , as authorized by batas pambansa blg .
in addition to violation of section 10 of article xii ( c ) of the constitution and disqualifications mentioned in existing laws which are hereby declared as disqualification for any of the elective officials enumerated in section 1 hereof , any retired elective provincial , city or municipal official , who has received payment of the retirement benefits to which he is entitled under the law and who shall have been 65 years of age at the commencement of the term of office to which he seeks to be elected , shall not be qualified to run for the same elective local office from which he has retired .
in addition thereto , there shall be appointive sangguniang panglungsod members consisting of the of the city association of barangay councils , the president of the city federation of the kabataang barangay , and one representative each from the agricultural and industrial labor sectors who shall be appointed by the president ( prime minister ) whenever , as de by the sangguniang panglungsod , said sectors are of sufficient number in the city to warrant representation .
two young , attractive japanese women in their early twenties were now also working the bar in addition to tsuyoshi and there were another two working as waitress for the folk sitting at tables .
* * * in leeds the band sang for two solid days learning each others parts in addition to their own so as to triple-track their voices creating harmonic denseness to rival queen .
in addition ill pay you one crown a week , for taking care of your other expenses , the grandmother added slyly .
in addition to learning skills necessary for combat , half of annes lessons were devoted to improving her skills as a sailor .
i totally agree with you.with those laser-blue eyes and midnight colored hair , hed be the perfect romantic addition to our european vacation .
in addition , the device 's gentle vibrations had become increasingly erratic and the crystal in the center had begun to quietly emit an eerie , low-pitched tone .
they possessed all of the terrible qualities of the typical netherdragon with the addition of having been driven nearly insane by the magical implantation of tieran cybertek .
in addition , a suite of manually activated schema could enhance her strength , allow her to function in hostile environments , and all manner of other customizable effects .
and whats worse is that you say you dont want to betray your best friend and disregard her feelings , but its okay to just disregard minnies feelings about who she feels would be a good addition to the team ?
in addition to the screams echoing lightly on their eardrums and pulsing within the folds of their brains , their bodies were still conditioned to feel that it was 5:47 am as it was in the states rather than the 6:47 pm that was being displayed on clocks there .
and for tomika , gaining an addition to her abilities and meeting her birth mother were supremely high points , even if the second one came with learning that a peculiarity she once mocked jina for having , she now shared with her .
in addition , i had written it down three other places in my boat , one place in my glove compartment , and , just to be sure , had also e-mailed it to myself .
in addition , the golf course is never crowded and the weather outside is however you want it to be .
when the music ended , the instructor demonstrated some new additions to the steps , making things a bit more complicated .
in addition to creating the animated series ' `` eclipse '' and `` chi-chian '' for syfy channel , and the science fiction comic `` azure '' for dc comics , dan has also created untold numbers of illustrations for books and commercial purposes .
in addition , other families and children had moved in for the relative security and support of john judge and his team .
john already knew the answers to all but the last and was pleased to know there was now only one unit left in addition to what remained at spitalfields and that was housed in a police station on earls court road .
in addition to the witch , a festival guard stood just below her in the doorway of the booth , blunt golden hair swept up from his brow like a candle flame .
in addition , the too frequent checking of the time on his watch was warping the normal speed of time .
in addition he would be likely to remain close to where he had hidden his banca , just in case he needed to get away quickly .
with area variations , they form some of the 112 dialects of the philippines , in addition to the 87 basic languages .
if you would like to share this book with another person , please connect to your device store and download an addition copy for each recipient .
in addition to the rifle , a belt now girded jesus waist from which hand grenades hung like toxic fruit .
heck , once bert got fixed up , he could be a valuable addition to their company , winston believed .
in more recent years , the addition of the theme park with its amazing mermaid performers has added to the popularity of this noteworthy tourist destination ... . and so on .
as for the lovely vixen , '' he winked suggestively , `` she 'll make an admirable addition to the gene pool . ''
while i was not able to examine the skulls closely to date them , there were a few which appeared to be very recent additions ( although in this place the term recent may mean very little ! ) .
only , in addition to seeing the events described by sam , there now appeared in the opening of the cave the same mysterious youth who had appeared before .
pei and is now the official entrance into the museum , an addition that the french either love or hate .
more like a typical southern city , i thought , with the addition , of course , of the quaint old streetcars that cranked by on the center grass divider .
in addition to hydroelectric , marcus paul had the vision to build wind turbines to store energy in the form of hydrogen which generated by the excess energy generated by hydro or wind which went unused in non-peak hours .
in addition to being a respected professor in the sciences , michael mazza also sat on the administrative board of the shore province and was part of a five member permanent board that served in disaster and threat response .
in addition , if you are to accompany me to port royal tomorrow , you shall need some other clothing .
in addition to loading and unloading , jeff took a turn at one of the oars for two of the trips and by the time the job was complete , he was exhausted , soaked with sweat , and the burning in his muscles was matched only by the burning in the parts of his skin that had been left exposed to the tropical sun .
he could not imagine that craig had left his own ship unattended , but perhaps he had been forced to in order to have enough men to stage the ambush on shore in addition to taking over the other two ships .
in addition to this she was the model student , she maintained straight as , or so she said , and had been the class president for most of their school tenure .
in addition , at the end of the bridge on the island side the lights picked up a pile of small logs barricaded the road .
in addition to the dead gunmen , the army reported the seizure of ten military style assault rifles , five vehicles , military uniforms and tactical gear .
by the additions of a two piece lever and a trigger block , which were the notable engineering modifications the winchester 1901 was only chambered in 10 gauge , for smokeless powder loads .
in addition to this , you have all accepted that none of these obligations will be considered complete or fulfilled until the kingdom has stood for three thousand years or half of the worlds population is sheltered within its walls .
in addition , she knew they had reported in to their contact , so she was convinced the narc was reaching for straws and didnt know anything other than what was just told to him , so she decided to avoid any further questioning and dismiss herself telling the narc she had to go because she had a very important client coming and she needed to prepare herself mentally for the meeting .
in addition to being scary-smart , veronicas attachment to gus was mutual and there seemed to be nothing she loved more than looking after gus , despite his urging for her to go find a rich , young lawyer and have babies .
in addition to the lavish living space , the ship also contained a large boardroom and sleeping quarters for another dozen men .
in addition to such divine favoras odun understood itto have destroyed the last living lodbrog , they also took the sacred viking bannerthe raven was theirs .
this was in addition to the dozens of other questions swirling in her mind about the total destruction and death that was all around her .
in addition to the depth , nicole was also worried about debris in the water and possibly half sunken ships in the way and as the sun began to set she advised that they drop anchor and wait for daylight .
+++ table of contents preface a little hospitality bonus story : genderbent about the author other books by kevin l. o'brien connect with kevin l. o'brien sample excerpts +++ preface in addition to her adventures as director of the caerleon order , each night sir differel van helsing sojourns to the land of the dreams of men .
i turned on the overhead light and saw that , in addition to the t-shirt , she was wearing a pair of white cotton panties .
in addition to the grief of losing birdsong , treefrog felt a terrible burden for the surviving villagers .
now , i must emphasize that in addition to this being a top-secret mission , it is also very dangerous .
in addition , there is a golf ball sized data storage area , which is far more than you will ever need .
in addition to his inventions , he had written several software programs that had brought in additional sums of money .
the little blondes addition to his personal fan club was a very pleasing development , and one he intended to make maximum use of .
i really dont care about traveling around doing one night stands , and in addition , i have my nightclub to think about .
in addition to the necklace rings and purses , all members of master reds personal fan club received a 3 x 10 inch walnut box .
in addition , there was a large hat with a partial face veil that she picked up and placed on her head .
master said he would pay for a full time nanny to help her with the child , and in addition , she would get a rent free apartment and a very nice salary with full benefits .
in addition to eight legs , it also had two skinny arms on its upperhalf , both equipped with razorsharp claws .
lucas wore the clothes he had arrived in , freshly washed from the night before , with the addition of the scarf and gloves iris had given him .
they reentered the meeting room to see laverick now dressed in clothing strongly resembling what zoe had worn during her expedition to valdis prison , the only addition being a black cloak .
in addition to the elephants , there were two lions - though cordelia informed them that one of the lions was from india - and a pair of ostriches .
which would be easy to verify , because i would have been the only one doing so , and there are dozens of palestinian witnesses in addition to our men .
in addition , he had time to organise parties with his friends and to observe how `` sunshine '' turned into the best club in the city .
in addition , when she stepped in and looked around and he saw her eyes , he was n't able to move at all .
in addition , if she did n't have met him she would n't have managed to stitch her wound as fast and professional as he did it .
in addition , she was n't feeling comfortable by eating alone while julian was watching her all the time .
in addition , sebastian was very proud to present a girl for whom he was waiting for the whole evening .
in addition , she drank it as if it was something she was doing daily or as if she did n't feel the heat at this moment .
sometimes they wanted to have a short summary of the translated text in addition to the translation and with such tasks mia was the best .
in addition , it was a great feeling for jonas to torture her , to make her suffer , to see how effectively he can hurt her and then to realize his plan .
in addition , at this time she remembered her father talking to his patients : you should not exaggerate with this medicine , if you feel pain , it is a sign of whats going on with your body .
in addition , jonas apparently could n't read minds , because he was always asking her questions and he wanted to get answers .
in addition , i cant read your mind , but i assume julian cant do it either , otherwise , he would already be here .
in addition , when she left the train and stood there like a dumb all evening and half of the night , it was only because of me that she was n't attacked or approached .
in addition , there was a black , gloomy light streaming out of her as if he would suck out her energy .
dwayne further punctuates his point after sipping on his vodka & ginger ale , and even when the place is perfect , and theres nothing else to do , thats when we have a meeting where they want me to pull out a this old house magazine and massage their ass into building a tree house for the kids or god willing an actual addition to the home itself fully equipped with a screened-in porch .
the ships cargo that particular run had been a single passenger , and the thickly framed mirror was a rare and appreciated gift in addition to the generous payment .
with the addition of many sickly sweet medicines and other things peter knew nothing about , nevilles son did what neville could not : he and his team of geneticists used peters blood to create a tiny little egg .
the past lives are often equated to the links in a chain ; with an addition of a new link at every rebirth .
in addition , the interested reader will find further information about the events chronicled in this book at the author 's website : http : //www.dallenhenry.com/ .
nerd behind , was not without interest , singing along with his growth , so it should be added one : in addition to food warm to sleep , that was songs to sing !
tinchi had been learning wing chun martial arts for many years , in addition to fellow comrades skill rivalry , never any actual combat experience .
after eating the bread , in addition to his wonderful physical changes , there was a sudden intimacy for xian lian and unable to extricated him extremely kind to her trust .
it does not matter , we are studying the possibility of introducing such of love , so that the universe unions people who , in addition to breed the next generation , but also a little more fun and you may continue and treat as experiment !
he wanted to test this computer in addition to create dishes , whether be able to produce other things .
`` your planet 's boss and managers often occupy a large part of the profits , the reason is for compensation to their risk taking and contribute capital.however , we discover most of them diversify this so-called risk to their employees , and unfairly refuse to take responsibility for their faults.for example , if the company faces financial problems due to wrong decision made by the management level , they usually use redundancy as major method to solve the problem , but those employees fried are always innocent , they should not be treated as such thing.in addition , these employeess returns are far below to their efforts , and can not reflect their contributions.in our planet , the central system will base on the degree of contribution to whole society as rules for salary decision making .
in addition , her brother just graduated , only could be a part time worker , income was instability , and he was not too homely .
she opened the letter , in addition to salary advancement mentioned , also adjusted annual holiday count to thirty days .
in addition to the original centralized system to monitor each individual , he could also prevent crimes from happening .
the other two were also proficient in muay thai and taekwondo , in addition of eternal god gave them some special weapons .
in addition , he received a mission from eternal god , and began an extremely dangerous task , concerning to global safety ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
at the same time , many people saw a group of statues flying , they also planted leaflets to people and asked them to join eternal religion , in addition to join the battle .
yes , tinchi was still the lifeblood of the earth , in addition of the central system willing to send elite troops to save the earth the most important was the safety of all his friends and family , ultimately decided to return to earth .
rehabilitation of mentally speed on tinchi was much slower than the body , in addition to improving the absurdity of the original act arbitrarily urine , he still seemed sober witted , body stiff .
as the bolt slid home again , the priest crossed the ground to the door and discovered a pail of water ( brackish smelling , but water nonetheless ) in addition to the stale bread .
italian , french , german , spanish in addition to the latin and greek required by his studies were his in so little time that even his professors began to wonder .
in addition to his fishing gear michael was carrying the .458 rifle , and he had substituted his customary .357 handgun for something with even more stopping power .
she moved jolene into the furthest room in the house , hoping to make the new addition as unobtrusive and inaudible as possible .
in addition , the australian government has agreed to take the criminal gangs that were captured during the recent chaos .
in addition , moses implores that it is the will of our god , but im not so sure hes really right on much of anything .
matt had liked her energy and sense of humor enormously when hed interviewed her , and he had guessed she would be a good addition to the store .
cathy , donna and ellie had left the gate and were running across in front of the main building so they could have a better view of the new addition being manipulated into place .
the old district high school sat at right angles to the original building to form a long 't ' with the new addition extending out over the old football field .
steve nodded to reverend moore who then stated , `` there is one small addition to this wedding ceremony .
there were two seats in front , one for the pilot and one for the co-pilot , and there were two addition seats further back with a coffee type table separating them .
that , in addition to the cloaking devices on each vehicle would make tracking them virtually impossible .
chaiko looked at the weapon , the talon of course was thrown off balance by the addition of the reed , but chaiko would find some use for it .
oh , what an addition she would make to his treasures ; so young , so vibrant , so deliciously saucy and with such a beautiful voice when she cared to use it .
without more knowledge on the kitsunes plan we can not disregard any new additions , but we must be swift .
spook had already learned , in addition to his scholarly knowledge , little s considered himself quite an amateur historian .
the undertow was murderous in addition there were all kinds of debris floating down the river that could hit and cripple or worse yet kill a swimmer .
in addition there was a half-inch bullet hole emitting a high pitched whistling sound just below the pilots window ; this is the one that got him , thought sarge .
it wasnt long before kyle became a full-time addition to our table in the pub , sharing the walk with us when the weather was good , and forcing taxi drivers to put his garage tapes on when it wasnt .
the office itself was a more recent addition ; a very up to date building designed by a post-modern architect , and had no defined edges on the outside , just smooth black concrete pockmarked by windows spiraling upwards .
youll need these in addition to your regular key cards to gain access to anything above the atrium from now on , said colt .
in addition , with each of her steps , his anxiety grew , while the sound of the creaking boards ruptured his insides .
to show finesse , to demonstrate art , to do the ultimate final additions , with four round pieces of metal with a hole in the center washers an adjustable wrench , and two nuts , he bound the victims jaws .
in addition , still annoyed , he simulated an attack with a weak peck as the non-dominant bird sprinted several steps sideways to avoid a hassle .
in addition , the wagering continues until the final seconds of the turkey hunting season , which draws to a close at sundown saturday .
in addition to those three , there is a handful of maids , sculleries and wenches that excel at keeping everything tidy and in good order no matter how much i neglect the establishment .
persian soldiers were slicing these dead men open and spewing out their entrails and that , in addition to the burning flesh , was the raw reek that hit him .
seeing as how the condoms , mens clothes ( that arent mine ) , and the cocaine are all new additions since ive last been here , id say im spot-on with that assessment .
in addition , tyler 's story seemed to tally : the wound on his eye was still fresh , and the anger and venom that showed in his face when he talked of kidd was real .
in addition , the coastline all the way around the island was very rugged , made up mainly of cliffs or ragged rocks which would rip the hull out of any ship that got too close .
in addition he funded several external projects that also showed potential , and he kept a very keen eye on their failures ... and successes .
in addition for this experiment he had also secretly placed several members of his scientific team in noaa : one was aboard stormchaser 2 , and another aboard stormchaser 3 .
in addition , a lot of men who had been on emergency standby for the past few days , or had been working overtime trying to keep the public safe during the high winds they had experienced from the edge of hurricane josephine , had now all taken some time off .
others came to his rescue and with the addition of a stiffener near the top , the flar stood weather tight , though not nearly as neat as chaiko and dawns .
chapter twenty six : revenge the group plummets at falling speed as the subspace orchestras music picks up with the addition of drums pounding with a military rhythm .
the door absolutely exudes manliness , and is made even more so with the addition of the subspace orchestra , rising up a choral score to match the greatness of the double doors shaped like a fist .
in addition , the vehicle was equipped with phase detection technologies which provide constant global positioning feed in order to quickly and efficiently detect and surmount the transition between this world and the next .
almost immediately , diaz continued , a second soho unit was commissioned , an exact clone of the first , with a few minor adjustments to the stage two rockets and the addition of a few more instruments to her payload .
in addition there were deaths by drowning suicide from jumping overboard and over the protective side netting for catching both fish and slaves .
the funny thing about fear was that it produced the exact same symptoms as excitement , the only difference being the addition of willingness to the latter .
in addition , ding dong had sweetened the bargain with presents of cattle , and trade goods , to make sure that his relationships with the tribe were of the friendliest .
in addition , bb exhibits a simple set of boring english words forming a limited two or three english sentence making for some non-excited movements inside his white undies .
whenever we had a bonfire at two medicine , ronnie was also the unofficially finder-of-vacant-camp sites in addition to keeping the firewood in steady supply , and this evening he had found a beautiful spot one right near the lake shore .
in addition to not wearing a uniform , i had persuaded him to drive over in his dees minivan , and not use the ranger truck which obviously would be unwelcome among the blackfoot at their sacred , members-only powwow .
unaccountably , people quickly accepted this addition to their daily routines to signal it was time to settle down for the night .
sikorsky , the manufacturer , supplied a variant of this aircraft to the us military ; with the appropriate paint job and the addition of a pair of m60 machine guns , it was known as the blackhawk .
the raptor looked as though it had survived its trip with its temporary owner though , on closer inspection , will noticed the addition of a couple of small neat holes in the hull , each about a centimetre across and some similar ones in the superstructure .
jrg walter , a 53-year old wealthy entrepreneur from flensburg , the latest addition to the volunteer community in kang .
in addition , i still went running with vanessa , and andrea fry , a social science teacher at rockhill primary , took me to her amateur theatre club .
in addition to being on serge 's secret payroll , the bulbous and awkward rudolph geisler was interpols senior expert on internet crimes and criminals .
with the addition of contact lenses that transformed her cool blue eyes to hazel anya kovich ceased to exist : she had become dr. anne fitch , phd and dynamic integritys newly recruited chief research officer .
in addition , he reminded himself , his sensors were set to passive scanning , as they were unable to actively transmit radar signals while cloaked .
in addition , nathan had calculated that the time it would take to beam a message to them and wait for a reply would take almost as long as it would take the swift apocalypse to travel there .
the tiny cockpit was even more cramped than usual by the addition of two equipment bags filled with survival gear , scanning equipment , and , of course , weapons .
in addition , their escape might give daniel a chance to test his theory that the awful silver ship , though seemingly omnipotent , did indeed need to recharge after firing its deadly death ray .
in addition , daniel could feel a new vibration , one that threatened to literally shake his body apart .
truth was , her life was too busy for her to get involved with anyone , and besides , becoming the latest addition to kalins list of used women was out of the question .
in addition to its array of adult fitness classes , the y offers special programs for teens , as well as seniors , and a calendar of seasonal outings and events .
he guzzled the rest of his tea , threw down a bill , and got up , fondling the latest addition to his modest arsenala tiny knife with a honed blade long enough to slice open arteries , but small enough not to alarm a cop .
he hadnt even thought about the custom addition to the boots for over a year , put there by his once best friendthe same ah puch hed only hours ago been accused of killing for gold .
where gisbos outfit had baggy pants , heavy boots and various protective additions like knee pads and a thick leather belt , rolces looked like a low-hanging robe with various pockets .
basically , as the name suggests , it allows me to connect with someones mind and review their thoughts in addition to transferring my thoughts to them .
in addition to giving the main character a bit of humility ( of which he had little ) , it had the nice effect of making alexs shirt cling to her rather well formed body .
this , in addition to being real artistic , also allowed the crowd to go into complete hysterics and add to the comical background of this section of the book `` very nice , '' jim nodded , `` artistic and all . ''
in addition to her evdo access , the laptop 's on-board wireless transceiver connects directly to the hotel wi-fi .
in my studio , a few days later , i found he had been putting bizarre additions on some of my drawings , trying to change my reality .
in addition to the men at arms who were all armed with shields , spears , and swords and wore steel helmets and chainmail shirts , about a hundred archers had arrived from the five allied shires .
later that day , maelnar was back in his study and was again addressing the same faces from yesterday , with one addition : his only son , breslin , was present .
noticing that he had acquired quite a few new books and pieces of literature from the zweigelans cave , he decided to catalog the newest additions to his traveling collection of books and scrolls .
strapping daggers , chisels , hammers , and various other tools to both their belts and their baldrics , the two brothers retrieved the final addition to their gear : their primary battle axes .
well , if you are truly as you say , we could never be inhospitable to those who bear the blood of dragons in their veins , and warriors are always worthy additions to our armies if they are well trained .
definitions : ( a ) `` contributors '' means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed open game content ; ( b ) `` derivative material '' means copyrighted material including derivative works and translations ( including into other computer languages ) , potation , modification , correction , addition , extension , upgrade , improvement , compilation , abridgment or other form in which an existing work may be recast , transformed or adapted ; ( c ) `` distribute '' means to reproduce , license , rent , lease , sell , broadcast , publicly display , transmit or otherwise distribute ; ( d ) `` open game content '' means the game mechanic and includes the methods , procedures , processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the product identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as open game content by the contributor , and means any work covered by this license , including translations and derivative works under copyright law , but specifically excludes product identity .
nothing specific , but we do know that all additions to planets forces they had made , are housed in all of their structures built in front of the castle .
rukaryo pointed to the highlighted structures and said , ever since the summoners have gained control , theyve been making additions to the planets military and defense .
all of the sons of baron augwys had received private instruction , in addition to the normal class-structured schooling , from sir nickleby , as part of his duties to the baron .
if the march was a struggle for bethel , with fetters in addition to his chains , plus his tattoo and the cuts from the beating , the only sign of it at the end of the day was a pronounced limp .
she watched glass blown from melted crystals , the finest being turned into drinking glasses , and the least delicate coloured with the addition of minerals .
pe35v a review of the punishment of the gods can be found here : http : //indiebookreviewer.blogspot.com/2013/08/the-punishment-of-gods-by-jake-yaniak.html the punishment of the gods includes the following books in addition to book i the legacy of galvahir : book ii : the fell wolf a young prince struggles to survive in a dark and troubled kingdom .
in addition to this , there was not a hint of despair , nor anger , in any of the faces i gazed upon .
when the town car pulled up , also a new addition to the individual contracts , lo grabbed his satchel and tipped an imaginary hat to the driver .
* * * for information on other books in the lo series : www.romandeehellwigi.com email the author at : rdh @ romandeehellwigi.com visit the authors blog at : www.romandeehellwigi.com/blog the shadow thief by k. l. bauman copyright 2013 k. l. bauman smashwords addition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
in addition , it continues to resist all efforts to move it ; indeed , it remains 'stationary ' relative to the surrounding rock strata , despite the removal of all supporting strata structures .
with demon evidence in addition to amulets , there was more than enough cause for me to get to work .
in addition , though i was actually duty bound to fry them all , they could be released from their curse if i could destroy its source .
fortunately , the radiation of type 3 particles was not in sufficient concentration to rapidly convert the surrounding type 1 material in a 'chain reaction ' , and was not energetic enough to escape the lab , which was now being rapidly reinforced by the addition of several layers of concrete and steel .
i have excitement and discovery in addition to physical stimulation , but it is all intellect , art , and sensation with no one to actually share it with .
in addition to short stories , i have four essentially completed novels that i plan to sell as modestly priced e-books over the next few months .
you certainly are the perfect addition to the sinclair family , a small but satisfied-looking smile spread her lips .
unable to get the statue out of her mind , kali accessed the computer and checked every reference number of the most recent additions .
gordon paul pledged proceeds from all stw events toward the reconstruction of the san jacinto monument and the restoration of the battleship texas , this in addition to the money already pledged for fixing up the coliseum .
in addition , the device 's gentle vibrations had become increasingly erratic and the crystal in the center had begun to quietly emit an eerie , low-pitched tone .
they possessed all of the terrible qualities of the typical netherdragon with the addition of having been driven nearly insane by the magical implantation of tieran cybertek .
in addition , a suite of manually activated schema could enhance her strength , allow her to function in hostile environments , and all manner of other customizable effects .
having pushed for the addition of a governess , a miserable start to the arrangement would have made altea look bad .
in addition to thals punishing grip , the magical pain in the healed bite wounds returned to rainer .
mileko rigidly endured the proposal and resigned himself to the delay and the addition of three more fugitives .
over the ages , the various emperors had made so many additions to the palace that it had become an enormous labyrinthine shrine to extravagance .
the largest was a two-story house that sprawled across one side of the great clearing with numerous additions that made it look like a miniature version of a morg lodge .
bryan : they were dressed identically , which is one of their trademarks , in addition to crediting the whole band for each song and switching up who plays and who sings .
when the smoke began to thicken , the elder uttered a low chant , closing his eyes and reaching out to the spirit of a woman who owed him a favor , a woman he cared deeply for , one who had been a pleasant addition into his life .
after the mine , we bought various production facilities , just enough that we could build further additions to the station in orbit .
unlike you and donovan , i have to go out on the field and risk being killed by brandon and vincent in addition to the cats or vampires . ''
in addition to science fiction , he really liked shows about familiesthose with a father , a mother , and kids ( especially the ones where there were siblings ) .
she saw there were two blanco county sheriff cars , in addition to the two city of zorro police cruisers , an ambulance , and several pickup trucks .
she had alex to think about , and taking care of him was a full-time jobin addition to her medical career .
he only took on one play each season , in addition to his artistic director duties , and he 'd latched on to crystal dreams because of the controversy surrounding the play .
in addition to her harlequin special editions , mira , and red dress ink books , mindy has written six traditional fantasy novels for roc ( including the award-winning , best-selling the glasswrights apprentice ) , short stories , and nonfiction essays .
she assumed that he had seen the native man she attacked in addition to what she had done to the crewman .
once on the street , in addition to physical discomfort , alex felt condescension and arrogance , a great desire for violence .
`` alucius ' soul had been changed by something else he stole from the city of god , in addition to the boat .
in addition to his research contributions , torret taught several of the basic organic transformation apothos classes .
she often worked out on her own in addition to riding her bike , but she had never had someone push her as hard as leo had today .
beros is comfortable with the situation , and when our experimenter offers a drink in addition to promised pay , why would n't he take it ?
and the mercenaries in her employ burst out with cheers for they too were more than happy to earn their income without the unwanted addition of actually battling for the prize .
several lights had been now brought into that antique chamber , and , in addition to the mother of the beautiful girl who had been so fearfully visited , there were two female domestics , who appeared to be in the greatest possible fright , for they could render no assistance whatever to anybody .
as the flagship was now overcrowded by the addition of so many men to its crew , mr. edison had them distributed among the other cars .
your insight is vast , your piety unequalled and you will make an excellent addition , stated the man calmly , awaiting the questions to follow .
in addition two private nurses were given the dubious chore of keeping the linen from becoming soiled and changing the iv drip that prevented him from starving himself to death .
while the men received , in addition to their special education , a broad general culture also , with the women there was no special education .
in addition , the story of rosetta described danger approaching from west , and tulitta was located exactly to the west of rosetta .
in addition to her writing , vrinda also does freelance proofreading and editing , and tutors gcse / a-level english .
in addition to the snuffling servants were mother gresham , two cooks and two of the soldiers , their stoical faces betraying occasional flickers of emotion .
in addition the damage to the property you wreaked was extensive and shall be duly punished before a court in coonor .
in addition , any abrupt attempts to disturb the knight were likely to result in her tumbling off the saddle and being suspended from the flank of the griffon .
in addition theres a curtain wall to get over , although mercifully there seem to be no guards atop that particular section .
it would be yours as a bonus , in addition to whatever johnny wants for the place , which would be much more than that .
by our laws you are now both acting chief and acting shaman , in addition to being police chief . ''
but when i saw that logging rights had been assigned to the tribe i knew that in addition to removing mort , both the chief and the shaman had to be replaced by me .
in addition to being formidable fighter in some of his forms , he found the doppelganger bodies of your father and uncle and may know something else useful .
in addition i avoid graphic depictions of sex and violence and tend to steer towards positive outcomes .
i guess i could be grateful that the built-in warning system seemed to work only in the presence of immediate magical danger , or it would likely have been a permanent addition to my life .
in addition to the adventurers supplies , mr. elf also stocked items necessary for setting up a home .
in addition , their swordsmen practiced mild sorcery - wielding swords by making the grip magnetically shadow their hand while performing back flips and handstands .
in addition , he had water jugs sagging from his collar and waists as if he was a water-balloon warlord or something .
a chick with enormous boobs vomiting at the sight of amun ra smirking ; ezequador mopping a floor using amun ras decapitated head on the end of his rapier ; the frames were divided with lines , so , it seemed as if he was , actually , mopping up the old hieroglyphs that included amuns chipped off - legend and the egyptian confederacy ... another new addition was ... an amolvian ship flying off with a pyramid labeled , amuns tomb .
in addition , that if they were to cheat , advanced light officers could step in and help no matter what weight class they are ... and vice versa !
a clean stable makes for a healthier horse ... talk gentle to enemies too , theyre the ones who need it ... no more limitations : if you can count on your fingers , you can do addition in your head , if you can do that , you can do multiplication and trigonometry etc .
in addition to ghads three thousand wraiths , duke amin and king lorring contributed eight hundred goblins .
in addition , i 've come to look up to daniel plainview as a man who knows how to achieve his dreams , using any means necessary .
the beasts front paws bizarrely looked like hands , which at present had the misgivings of a fabled gremlin , long pointy ears , in addition to a stretched muzzle , and it too carried the same types of fleshy growths that reybe had , so that led him to assume it must be some kind of dog .
he hoped to leave any unwanted inferences about sadies abilities behind , in addition to the matter of her many and long absences .
in addition to your , er , extra duties , i have received approval to promote you to the billet of executive officer for this battalion .
however i had hoped the privileges of bearing the name , nitusomin , may yet get another addition to its admittedly brief list .
the third addition to this group was unfamiliar , with a mild case of the handsome disease and the same overbearing , yet mouth-watering body .
said the third addition , speaking in a harmonious , mid-range voice that probably lent extremely well to singing .
in addition to the tattoos on his arms , ancient runes cut down the side of his stomach , scrolling curled over his shoulder like smoke , or draped across a pec like a muscle accessory .
in addition , since i am to be replaced in several days , i would prefer that more discoveries be made and credited to me as opposed to my successor .
the taller , younger man beside him had a sword as well , and in addition wore a mail shirt under a white tabard with a shield picked out in black thread on it : a constable .
then let us have four , in addition to you and razh , who will be distracted by talking to the fellow .
in addition to that , the lumire corporation will also be financing the building of a new task force that will be designed to respond to high risk situations that other officers may not be trained to handle .
in addition to chasing urban legends , we also touched on scandal both inside and outside of the city limits .
in addition to that , no photos of him had ever been released , and to my knowledge hed never appeared on either television or radio .
that was why , in addition to the cells themselves , the entire floor was equipped with a little device that the huntsmen had been developing for when theyd wanted to keep their captives alive .
in addition to everything else we had to worry about , i was starting to develop an anxiety disorder waiting for the sidhe to make their move .
as she approached , she saw that in addition to an assortment of bruises , his eye was swollen and his lip split .
i , uh , may have run into addition trouble this evening in the process of continuing my investigation .
in addition to this , you have all accepted that none of these obligations will be considered complete or fulfilled until the kingdom has stood for three thousand years or half of the worlds population is sheltered within its walls .
the rest of them were just quiet , but perugini was irritable and glared at me constantly , in addition to giving me the silent treatment .
the walls had already been replaced , the scorch marks gone , vanished with the addition of fresh drywall .
in addition , i had a host of aches and pains that filled my body , and made me want to just lay down and die .
second , i must thank debra wesley , who in addition to being the speediest to deliver her feedback , is also a constant source of wry humor , insight into the larger world of fantasy and sci-fi , and affirmation for whatever project ive just completed .
we also had a new addition this round , the great robin mcdermott , who took time away from her busy life as a new mommy to parse the book , and she found some insights that no one else did .
shannon garza gave me feedback on the emotional highs and lows of this piece ( in addition to searching tirelessly for all those pesky errors i sneak in to give her something to hunt for ) and helped it achieve whatever emotional resonance it may have ( for me it held a lot , your mileage may vary ) .
an was slightly amused , even though the two mercenaries had more fighting experience than him , in addition to traveling with runth for several years , they were intimidated by him , while he was not .
ponal had , in addition to his sword , a belt with several glass vials attached to it , containing poison .
as founder and leader of the soldiers of the divine trinity congregation , in addition to having divine influence , howard was the heir to a kind of sight only a select few in his family had possessed ; sight that the naked eye was incapable of perceiving .
in addition , he would frequently host multi-day feasts of free food and gladiatorial combat , known as a munus , in order to placate the masses and silence his critics .
in addition to his lamentable state , timonus was also in desperate need of a shave and his wrists were red and raw where the ropes had been constantly chaffing at him .
the three-day journey through the desert had exhausted both them and their horses and , in addition , had nearly depleted their morale - for the trek so far had only raised more questions about the giants than actually answered them .
lea was n't scared of just payton , she was also scared of trying to use the new addition to her technique , spear strike .
at that moment , lea decided to use a little addition to her attacks , and that addition , were feints .
one minute into the fourth round and lea seemed to be taking control of the match because of her new addition to the spear strike .
they experimented almost daily with exotic chemical mixtures , the addition of strange ingredients , the changing of oven temperatures .
and whether it was the addition of that love , or whether it was something extra included in that agreement with the illuminator , there was obviously already something different in the way his daughter came to life as he lit her flame and closed the compartment over her heart .
a rickety leaning city , oaka thought to himself ; he had noticed the additions that had been made to the smiling stallion inn and other buildings in his hometown over the centuries , but those looked much smoother compared to the ones in coe anji .
+++ table of contents preface a little hospitality bonus story : genderbent about the author other books by kevin l. o'brien connect with kevin l. o'brien sample excerpts +++ preface in addition to her adventures as director of the caerleon order , each night sir differel van helsing sojourns to the land of the dreams of men .
in addition to the moral imperative that human civilization fund basic scientific research to better understand the universe , the usa might again need a military capability someday .
bates had taken several uninhibited premium fuel aided romps in the nitro over the weekend , in addition to the brief but adventurous drive to work that very morning .
in addition , even the crab was smiling , and to the audience her smiling was totally unprecedented .
the story continued to evolve during the course of the party , until it was well established that bates had strong mafia connections , and that as a further humiliation , in addition to barns having to resign and give bates his job , the poor man was also forced to marry twig .
in addition , the trail of ca , blood , and tiny body parts such as hair and skin fragments , was easily followed .
but it was still not as bad as the back seat , which , having only just come to terms with the addition of milo , now had to accommodate mel as well .
this allowed them a wonderful view of the giant central glass enclosure and other recent additions made since the end of the cold war .
rumored to cost tens of billions of dollars , some of enterprise city was similar in concept to disney world 's epcot center , but in addition to being a center for public enlightenment and amusement , it was also a true center for science , technology , the arts , and education , in which tens of thousands of people actually worked , played , and lived .
software additions provided control of the weapons , sophisticated battle tactics , and flight control within passenger safety tolerances .
the addition to the team of the law and order governor of arizona , chiricahua apache chief latanna , was an event not soon to be forgotten .
in addition , though officially the ca'ra would escape blame , unofficially , the crew 's opinion of who was largely at fault would leak out anyway .
bates reasoned that a plump pizza fed cream puff like milo would be a welcome addition to the diet of most coyote families , especially at the onset of winter .
in addition to considering the merits of your quest , it must be determined if any of you will ever be permitted to leave this realm alive . ''
`` in addition , on your world is difficult for reasons not known to use telepathy , for even kronans !
i know he 'll be a useless addition to your group of misfits , but perhaps you could somehow lose him in the jungle ? ''
in addition the remains of a fallen bot is perfect food for the remaining bots and is quickly recycled to grow other bots . ''
thanks to advance preparation by jigs , the vtol aircraft brought food and camping equipment in addition to people .
in addition , many 'practice runs ' had been carried out , in which groups at the site and around the world had focused their power to pru .
he was perfect for the job , since in addition to his political skills , the justice organization of the league needed earth police skills to help begin a crackdown on ra activities that were suspected to be illegal .
in addition to studying the land and its people , mel pursued a scientific understanding of the black pit , which was soon renamed the earth nexus portal .
in addition , the two dragons disappeared in the region where the portal was suspected to be , shortly after quetzal announced to baldor that they would return to earth after they had toured the area , whatever that meant .
sandrena supposed that they were not quite used to each other , and that the addition of the lady only seemed to amplify the strangeness of their situation .
i only ask that in addition to your search , you instruct my son maston on his letters for two turns each day while you are here .
in addition were stories , fables , works of make-believe designed to entertain as well as enlighten , hymns and prayers to offer worship , drawings and paintings to preserve one tiny glimpse of life itself .
it had never occurred to him to light a fire during the day , and in summertime , no less , but in addition to its largely unnecessary warmth the fire made the room seem both brighter and drier ; with the constant damp that hung in the air from the falls , that last quality seemed especially desirable .
in addition to eight legs , it also had two skinny arms on its upperhalf , both equipped with razorsharp claws .
lucas wore the clothes he had arrived in , freshly washed from the night before , with the addition of the scarf and gloves iris had given him .
they reentered the meeting room to see laverick now dressed in clothing strongly resembling what zoe had worn during her expedition to valdis prison , the only addition being a black cloak .
in addition to the elephants , there were two lions - though cordelia informed them that one of the lions was from india - and a pair of ostriches .
the building was large , square shaped with no additions , with old dark brown wood siding , board and batten style , with several battens loose or missing , a steep pitched roof , and a red neon sign in one of the front windows which blazed `` lindy 's roadhouse '' into the darkness of the surrounding forest .
in addition to giving his son 's friend a first taste of command , he intended to allow his newest spearmen to benefit from any battle spoils .
in addition to the evidence i had suggesting that dan was a weirdo , i also just had a bad gut feeling about him .
cadfrawd swallowed hard when he heard the numbers reported to him , five thousand in addition to thorvaldrs forces .
jack 's fiddle and jane 's rhythm chords on her new guitar were nice additions to some lively songs .
i was an anonymous , moderately famous magicianin addition to combat skills i 'd also picked up some showman tricks and swiftness of hand over the years , but the main attraction to my shows was something that was not fake .
in addition , the value of children did n't seem to be what it was in our timea better way to say this is that the occasional demise of a youth would not be mourned more than the death of an established , contributing member of society .
in addition , now pustules sprouted from his skin on a daily basis , erupting in a spray of black blood only a short time after they appeared .
the ships cargo that particular run had been a single passenger , and the thickly framed mirror was a rare and appreciated gift in addition to the generous payment .
i like to spend time with my family and am excited that we will soon have a new addition in february of 2014 .
steve guscott , david muir and ken dawson youre the best , and i hope you like the additions and changes ive made .
the bath attendants did not have to go to the river for water and in addition , because the waste was washed away quickly , the palace sewers were much less noisome .
korsten squeezed his eyes shut against helplessly forming tears and allowed his servant to guide him to the dining room table , away from the crowded kitchen , made claustrophobic with the addition of so many riled bodies .
while the other new girls remained drugged and chained to beds upstairs until they acclimated to their new life , michelle had quickly established herself as an experienced and willing addition .
in addition to writing , the author has spent time as a full-time touring musician , touring across the us , canada , and europe .
in addition to its unbreakable defense it was unheard of for the flagship to travel alone , and it was almost always under the guard of at least one fighter squadron .
in addition what you ca n't see is that because of the quick change in mass the moon 's gravitational pull shifted and has lost 45 % of its atmosphere .
a reploid is someone who was born with an extremely deep shockhaven well , even deeper than that of an immortal , for the purpose of powering cybernetic additions such as prosthetic limbs and a unique type of battle armor that is powered completely by the wearers shockhaven .
as confused as i was by their sudden additions i did n't ave time to think about the deeper meaning to them .
that with the addition of their only sound plan of attack gone , they were already beaten , but did n't want to admit it .
`` regardless , i figured you were ready to move forward to growing additions , such as the wings you were interested .
the bone structure was simple and remind me of another set of arms with shoulders for each , but unlike normal arms they tapered off to a point , and in all they were much thinner , longer and opened up to a thin membrane feathers were an after addition and were kind of like making fingernails and hair .
he was planing on making them the new masters for the three new additions to project yeagher , even though the next generation of subjects would n't be ready for years .
in addition to the few thousand dollars we snitched before we left , me and damian both have credit cards , but we cant risk using them and letting our father know where weve been .
removing his own necklace from beneath the metal addition with some effort , he opened the pouch upon his own belt and dropped the necklace in .
i like to spend time with my family and am excited that we will soon have a new addition in feburary of 2014 .
in addition to what he said i would like to point out that nature has given certain animals adaptations that make them better suited for certain work .
in addition to this worry i still had the problem of what to do with the animals rizzo and chauncey took prisoner during the attempted coup detat .
marine division space units ( co - commissioned officer , xo - executive officer , nco - non-commissioned officer ) fire team : unit commander : nco corporal unit size : 4 troops squad : unit commander : nco corporal or sergeant unit size : 3 fire teams , 12 troops platoon : unit commander : co lieutenant and nco staff sergeant unit size : 4 squads , 48 troops company : unit commander : co captain , xo lieutenant , and nco first sergeant unit size : 4 platoons , 192 troops battalion : unit commander : co lieutenant colonel , xo major , and nco sergeant major unit size : 4 companies , 768 troops brigade : unit commander : co colonel , xo major , and nco sergeant major unit size : 4 battalions , 3,072 troops regiment : unit commander : co major general and xo brigadier general unit size : 4 brigades , 12,288 troops division : unit commander co lieutenant general or co general unit size : 4 regiments , 49,152 troops military phonetic alphabet alpha bravo charlie delta echo fox gold hotel india juliet kilo libra mike november oscar papa quebec romeo sierra tango uniform victor whiskey x-ray yankee zulu marine division space personnel mds commandant : lieutenant general daniel decuir mds commandants primary aide : lance reid mds 1st space battalion , based on mdrs - paradise company : alpha commander : none platoon 10-11 commander : lt joseph trossack squad : alpha commander : sgt derek lavelle fire team alpha : pvt albert caldwell squad : bravo commander : sgt russell nolan fire team delta - cpl terry lucifer , pfc lenn osuki , pvt joe drew fire team echo - pvt ben campbell , pvt richard ennis ( kia valhalla ) fire team fox - pvt edward castle , pvt calvin hockley , pvt darren vickers ( kia valhalla ) squad : charlie commander : sgt richard raglan pvt newberry squad : delta commander : sgt thomas morales ( kia valhalla ) fire team juliet - pfc kenny watson , pvt james horner , pvt robert royster platoon 10-12 commander : mjr john hintock platoon 10-13 commander : s-sgt ruben zaragosa squad : charlie commander : sgt michael barrett platoon 10-14 , special weapons platoon commander : s-sgt butch bulldog howard squad : delta commander : sgt frank gutierrez recruit platoon b-05 : rct erwin brookhaven merged platoon 19-20 , special operations platoon commanders : s-sgt james renquist , s-sgt valerie storm fire team one pfc brenda davis , pvt david farm boy mitchell , rct aaron johnson , rct jacob rubalcava fire team two pvt steven brickwell , pvt scott jarrod , rct kay penham ( female ) , rct scott finn fire team three pvt john franklin , pvt james nava , rct scott dempster , rct antonio duran fire team four pvt angel menden , pvt scott brooks , rct edward peavy , rct jonathan tyler fire team five pvt grant hardy , pvt lamonte crawford , rct felix aceves , rct daniel buckner fire team six pvt timothy lepore , pvt everett ethier , rct alexander wilson , rct scott bailey fire team seven pvt raymond dobson , pvt william ellis , rct mark miller , rct andrew bessler fire team eight pvt robert strawberry , pvt martin carpenter , rct wade ross , rct anthony michaels fire team nine pvt troy zachs zachary , pvt thomas craig , rct joseph mcdonald , rct koji tazawa fire team ten pvt richard mclouth , pvt thomas holliday , rct michael carp , rct enrique nieves fire team eleven pvt william markakis , pvt ivan beltran , rct hyun kim , rct patrick beckett fire team twelve pvt lamarque jones , pvt benjamin molina , rct frank capuano , rct chris withrow fire team thirteen pvt jerry hardy , pvt henry jay , rct augustin marmol , rct paul league fire team fourteen pvt arturo machado , rct phillip howell , rct esteban belisario , rct geronimo jansen fire team fifteen pvt michael roberts , rct paul punto , rct wayne hairston , rct brian young fire team sixteen pvt richard wieters , rct ryan kemp , rct michael schumaker , rct kaha wong fire team seventeen pvt luis pedroia , rct mathew wright , rct shelby miller ( female ) , rct lynn brookens ( female ) fire team eighteen pvt patrick victorino , rct william kelly , rct ernesto martinez , rct william lyons late additions : kevin dempsey ( not introduced yet ) , alvin mason ( not introduced yet ) , bryan numbnuts knotts ( not introduced yet ) , omar garcia , fernando salas , anthony cruz , james adams , tyrone wiggins infantry division earth-side liaison : lieutenant general cole mcpherson infantry division space ( or sid ) security detachment : commander : sgt jack turner primary aides : pfc johnny burton , prv vader turnbull squad : alpha cpl vincent petralli squad : bravo pvt michael barker , pvt lance blankenship , pvt edward langley , pvt wade knoblauch , pvt todd puruss , pvt tony rivera squad : charlie pvt ruben ayala , pvt jim dwyer , pvt eugene luwonn special assignment squad : zebra commander : sgt jack turner fire team 1 - sgt jack turner , pfc johnny burton , pvt alex finch , cvl calamity jane fire team 2 - cpl petralli , pvt dale anderson , pvt jim callaghan fire team 3 - pvt dan briggs , pvt gene roman , pvt chris stoomy 3-83rd battalion , out of fort bragg , north carolina , earth : commander : lt-col andrew westfall ( co ) , mjr michael rice ( xo ) , sgt-mjr tony gutierrez ( nco ) wounded in action : cpl mark gould , pvt harry williams 3-84th battalion , out of fort bragg , north carolina earth : missing in action : pvt matthew zero zuckers other personnel earth , japan : general wei general yoon earth , united states : president of the united states : richard mcgregor presidential liaison to space corps : evelyn hutch secretary of defense : general arrington unilink chief financial officer : wayne moore ( assassinated - earth ) bootscrape colony , melantha space corps administrative personnel : senior administrator : brad philmore colony treasurer : glenda davis administrative assistant : marty fielder private contractors : mining operations supervisor : bob ridgewell mining operations foreman : glenn wilson dredging operations supervisor : captain lance harkness sailors : ron lowenstein , gary roenicke courtesan ( private entertainer ) : madame claire a.k.a .
yeah , looks like you got two more additions to your insane crowd , not like we have anything else to do , i replied and smiled at kali .
the huge arc of coloured lanterns over the door was a new and very impressive addition to the usual decorations .
i believe they said that it was a great idea and would provide an excellent addition to their stage show .
well , ethan says , his face looking slightly exasperated as he reminisced his past , our perfect arrangement promises to remain perfect only if it comes with a compulsory addition of celibacy .
everything else is built up in plain taste but with the addition of the infrastructure of this mansion the room looks quite opulent .
in addition , four years previously , william had temporarily become guardian of the three siblings after their parents had mysteriously disappeared during a hunting trip into white pines national park .
phoenix enterprises managed to acquire two such talents in addition to jeremy while psi-tech employed five with several european companies employing several .
the addition of this spectacular screw-up on my part , he says as he gestures to include the dirty room , makes my questions a little more relevant .
there have been two mask of death modules ( in addition to the recent release , there was a limited release version the year the movie was released ) but no book .
with brandel came gwenel , and with the fourth addition to our side of the group , we officially became the outcast minority .
they forgot the horrors of the morningmostlyand were deep in the throng of heroic tales that mainly came from herrdons mouth , all of which were duly corrected with major factual additions from thalla .
for established fans of the sunset vampire series , it would be natural to wonder , given these rewrites , additions , and deletion , if any established canon has changed with this second edition .
* * * it was a beautiful mid-november evening at the exclusive pine valley addition where katrinas estate home was located .
manicured trees and shrubbery completed the scenic oasis , all for the pleasure of pine valley addition residents .
in addition , she felt a degree of guilt over his reaction ; surely , it had something to do with his memory block , or some failing of it .
the shadows at sunset quickly turned to darkness by the time he arrived at the pine valley addition , giving the area an ominous aura .
besides , he did pay for a years rent in an expensive santa barbara condominium , in addition to the lease on a flashy yellow corvetteah , she had loved that carand provided her with a generous stipend .
the council offered me a scholarship to ucla , in addition to psychic training and a guarantee of employment upon graduation .
in addition to that , there was an ornately detailed armoire , a black vanity with a zillion toiletries displayed over a lace cover , and a hematite bowl of clear water with a matching pitcher .
i tiptoed softly to the bathroom door and pressed my ear to the wood , because apparently , in addition to being a monster seeing psycho , i was also a snoop .
lady vashni , the bergers daughter has been bitten by an adder , in addition to the venom the wound appears infected ; she is weak indeed and i doubt she will last the night !
in addition to heart of ice and thunderstone , barbara has a few other novels in the works , including a thunderstone sequel .
in addition , four fairy sisters , who didnt think war would be good for their beauty or their wings , left the gathering , each taking out her hand-mirror as if checking to make sure that the mere talk of war had not marred their beauty .
first , he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air , where it went on turning and twirling , and in addition flashing and glistening .
diego , golden-skinned like his sister , with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyesas well as being aged twentyscaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse , lifting a hurling blade ( whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in , so that , once flung , it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to , and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose ) .
the mayor stood in the centre of the gleaming citizens hall - the newest addition to the thriving village - on this particularly bustling night , standing at his small podium , a hammer in his hand , beating it down for order .
the constant hours of indulging in his habit would have killed him anyway , but the addition of the rat poison was all his overworked heart could stand , and it had simply stopped beating in protest .
a forest of kings by david friedel and linda schele the ancient maya by robert sharer and loa traxler the black-man of zinacantan by sarah c. blaffer the blood of kings by linda schele the book of chilam balam of chumayel translated by ralph l. roys breath on the mirror by dennis tedlock chamulas in the world of the sun by gary h. gossen dictionary of maya hieroglyphs by john montgomery heart of heaven , heart of earth by james d. sexton and ignacio bizarro ujpan hidden faces of the maya by linda schele ignacio : the diary of a maya indian of guatemala by ignacio bizarro ujpn the interpretation of cultures by clifford geertz the maya by michael d. coe the maya vase books by justin kerr maya cosmos by david friedel , linda schele and joy parker mayan folktales edited by james d. sexton painting the maya universe by dorie reents-budet popul vuh book translated by dennis tedlock popul vuh movie produced by patricia amlin reading the maya glyphs by michael d. coe and mark van stone ritual of the bacabs translated by ralph l. roys the spoken word and the work of interpretation by dennis tedlock star gods of the maya by susan milbrath time and the highland maya by barbara tedlock tortillas for the gods by evon z. vogt in addition to book research i took two trips to the maya region of central america , which is to say southern mexico , belize , guatemala and honduras .
in addition to these duties my uncle had to maintain our lineage-shrines in the fields , and near the river , and in the village .
in addition , i was in the storytellers circle often , there were now many stories that were my place to tell .
in addition , if you enjoyed in the temples of my fathers you can find the illustrated version of this novel at : http : //www.randaldoering.com/temples.html .
without more knowledge on the kitsunes plan we can not disregard any new additions , but we must be swift .
plus an upfront cost of ten pieces of erdian silver per booth , in addition to ten percent tax already on every business which was operated in trachten .
first , he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air , where it went on turning and twirling , and in addition flashing and glistening .
diego , golden-skinned like his sister , with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyesas well as being aged twentyscaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse , lifting a hurling blade ( whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in , so that , once flung , it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to , and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose ) .
in addition to this , the man was of negro race , his skin being a very exquisite dark gold , his far-reaching dark hair coiled and curled and fastened to rest on his back , and he was tall and every inch powerfully-built , but not any taller than ernesto himself .
in addition to her nefarious excitement about the secret trouble brewing in pongoon , which opened opportunities for the pluran clan to gain power in matikki , today was the much-anticipated field trip to victory hill foundry for a demonstration of how weapons were made .
in addition to the three that you saw today , this particular set of archery tools is also blessed with a mile of mercy and the pulse of the heart .
in addition to healing her wounds and giving her visions , the keanes were parts of the ophidians that had become a permanent part of her .
with the day still young before them , all felt it time to return home and they set off with a good will , if a bit perplexed as to the strange addition to their party .
in addition , everyone that signs up for the mailing list will receive the first chapter of book two free !
he so desired this great addition to his power , thus he was resolved to make war on the nations , that he would prove his might to them , and they would surrender the key .
in addition , his shiny black spheres of eyes were hinting at the presence of a joyful personality behind them to go with his vernal physical features .
in addition to that , food is free during the entire celebration , and all provinces come to participate , serving their delicacies and specialties .
in addition to those three , there is a handful of maids , sculleries and wenches that excel at keeping everything tidy and in good order no matter how much i neglect the establishment .
persian soldiers were slicing these dead men open and spewing out their entrails and that , in addition to the burning flesh , was the raw reek that hit him .
a fire soon blazed in the hearth , the addition of blankets and pillows helped to make the stone-slabbed floor a little more comfortable .
in addition , della has written professionally for tomorrow magazine and other prominent science fiction publications .
if in addition to this the legends of man taught that the elves had destroyed the gods of old , parganas thought it just as well .
he has now already come to an abrupt halt undamaged and unhurt away from it and he has in addition to that hauled himself up and bowed one knee against the floor with the other leg of his stretched and drawn out expertly .
his emotions were acidic and unreceptive , an indication that he was going to kill it should he ever catch up with it and in addition to that seize it victoriously .
chapter twenty six : revenge the group plummets at falling speed as the subspace orchestras music picks up with the addition of drums pounding with a military rhythm .
the door absolutely exudes manliness , and is made even more so with the addition of the subspace orchestra , rising up a choral score to match the greatness of the double doors shaped like a fist .
in addition to being impressed with how she gave money to feed poor classmates , teachers as well as students noticed how alex would stand up to bullies .
his atoning sacrifice allowed him to experience each individual 's life from the point of their birth to the point of their physical death so that he would know exactly what each one of us personally experienced in life both physically and emotionally so he could have the greatest compassion for us and give us the perfect guidance and blessings in answer to our prayers of faith in him in addition to making an infinite sacrifice for our sins .
the scroll jacobs notes refer to have a tremendous amount of information about jesus christ and his atonement that harmonize perfectly with the bible in addition to providing insight that cant be found by relying on the bible alone .
his atoning sacrifice allowed him to experience each individual 's life from the point of their birth to the point of their physical death so that he would know exactly what each one of us personally experienced in life both physically and emotionally so he could have the greatest compassion for us and give us the perfect guidance and blessings in answer to our prayers of faith in him in addition to making an infinite sacrifice for our sins .
a recent addition to the park was a small menagerie with some of the great creatures that had been freed from wilama and doomba .
though he knew the dragons were under his controlfor the most part anyway , he still felt a need to keep watch on the new additions .
the simple beauty found amongst the multitude of docks and piers shifted from the rim a welcome addition to his mental escape .
in addition , she had styled her short hair into a chichi wave , and touched up her eyes and lips with a little make-up .
`` according to our last scan , before losing the mysticnet feed over razum , all twenty one razum guardians were accounted for , in addition to teuton traiken .
in addition , when not illuminated by rhythmic waves of light , the walls and floors swirled with a dark material accented by a subtle mixture of gold and silver glitter .
in addition to the provider telling him to trust these people , the intensity of the moment had evoked an undeniable bond .
in addition , i was merely making sure that the voice of our people was heard , that we need the heir , white sage , reynhart added with smug sarcasm .
the very public display of magic that he had used in gaining the throne and crown had , in addition to killing the previous monarch , also sent strong messages about the wizards magical power throughout the small kingdom .
the jaws , easily wider than a man , opened to speak , revealing , in addition to a dual-row of razor-sharp teeth , canines the size of a man 's forearm .
hearing the dragon howl in pain had , in addition to partially deafening him , made him very happy that he had already emptied his bladder before coming here .
alvitos residential hall was not as large as the great communal dwellings of the valborgsson , olafsson , or stigsson clans with their partitions to segregate the lodgings of the top thanes and tertiary additions for the warriors and churls to reside in , but it was far more luxurious .
in addition to what he had worn before , he had added a prodigious headdress of eagle feathers that formed a crest around his head then swept down his back to as far as his knees .
in addition to their hearth-steel weapons , both men carried longbows of micmac manufacture in the norse design .
in addition to spilling a lot of blood it elicited a horrible fit of screaming from the beothuk shaman .
in addition to the heavy iron ore , the barge also contained an equally large but considerably lighter load of charcoal , which the micmac collected from their many cooking , kiln , and oven fires .
in addition to brewing the potion , we also have to recite the spell that will enchant the liquid with whatever magical properties will open my perception to allow me to better use my sixth sense .
if you give them permission to enter our city as prisoners , the women would be welcome in out homes and the men and children would be valuable additions to our army in the future .
the new guy had indeed been assigned four extra artico guards in addition to his two destroyers , and they moved around him like sentries protecting a lost cargo of treasure , at times hiding him from view in their tight circle .
you 'd make a wonderful addition to his forces , you know , since you drank that wizard potion that made you so powerful . ''
in addition to giving people nightmares , the vampires have found a way to enslave the humans for their own purposes in order to gain power . ''
we put a lot of stress and strain on ourselves , exploring around for information during dark nights and even regular nights now in addition to having to stay up most of the day .
max would take the mission for the adrenaline rush itself , in addition to the fact that he and sky had been good friends for years .
the fact that this one stood a good three or four inches taller than mikael , with a frame to match , suggested he was physically an anomaly in addition to being gifted with dreamcasting power .
in addition , lyn will make his wisdom known to those actually look like theyre showing promise , but it falls to me and the other sergeants to work with the less-skilled of you .
the dreamcasting object she used was a relatively recent addition to her repertoire , and seth had to admit it was very useful .
apparently , she had yelled loud enough to bring out the crew from below deck , in addition to the majority who braved the elements above .
in addition to the sword the legion had given him strapped across his back , lyght kept a duo of knives strapped at either hip , with a smaller knife hidden in his right boot .
ornately decorated with rose gold veins cutting through the wood in addition to gem-encrusted pillars that spiraled up to the ceiling a few dozen feet above it was a display of grandeur like lyght had never seen , in glory or otherwise .
hed forgotten that his right hand had probably been broken too , in addition to his ribs and the wound on his neck .
in addition to that , lyght had always understood the dark to be a part of the natural world , even if hed always felt that the pulsing black mass seemed somehow unnatural and out of place .
in addition , the dark serves as a barrier that cuts off the human kingdom from the rest of the dreamscape .
he was in a small hospital room , right back where hed started , with the addition of a needle in his arm , tubes snaking out from under the sheet , a wire running from his chest to a humming machine monitoring his heartbeat , straps around his chest and wrists and ankles , and echo guarding him .
allan also carried a long spear , as a walking stick , in addition to the sword at his side and the bow slung over his shoulder .
jay 's eyes widened for a minute , and cassie wondered if she 'd miscalculated ; she 'd thought that giving him an abridged version of the truth ( with the addition of vampires , because why not ? )
great ; now in addition to worrying what she was going to tell mike , she had to worry about whatever jay might have already said .
now , in addition to all the other joys of her new , demon-enriched lifestyle , she had the pleasure of shopping for a dress with a 60-something college professor .
mike was busy doing something with his tiny netbook ( which cassie had learned he owned in addition to his laptop and desktop computers ) , while serenus and dwight stood a little ways away from them , talking in hushed tones .
in addition to the badges , there were also some event favors , like pens and water bottles monogrammed with the name and date of the dental convention .
in addition to ensuring that a promising familiar be placed with a master strong enough to train her as a witch , it was also to ensure her safety .
looking down , she saw that in addition to the amulet sam had made for her was another pendant : a cross , filled with blue topaz , opal chips and diamond studs .
in addition to all her senses screaming at her that this was most emphatically not sam , the man she knew would never call her `` hon . ''
now , in addition to her other punishments , which she had expected , she had to keep a location indicator on her phone active and let her mother keep tabs on her at all times .
the full text of the charter , in addition to other pertinent documents , has been provided for you on this device .
in addition to writing about cassie 's adventures , she also hopes to one day publish a fantasy ya series featuring her own illustrations .
in addition , you can visit karen 's blog , otakusphere , or read an interview with karen at smashwords .
in addition to the bruises , and often on top of them , thomas had numerous cuts and gouges out of his back and arms .
after a few moments , a thick stone door swung slowly inward and the four coinsmiths filed in , wearing thick , protective clothing like that given to justin , with the addition of padded hoods with dark , glass visors and peculiar bib-like flaps into which they had tucked their beards .
in addition to cheerfully and patiently waiting for unknown ages to see how this series unfolds and finally ends , you may wish in the meantime to read an already completed full-length novel .
in addition , we bought back 951 million shares of our own stock for a total purchase price of $ 2.76 billion during the fiscal year .
secretly , the addition of abe to po 's dead family prayer group made raymond more than a little happy .
he laid a gentle hand to the shredded remains of the boy and that awful , wonderful light soon suffused the corpse , restoring the lad to his previous state , save with the addition of a joyous smile .
said he to baye , i had hoped he would be a useful addition to our party , what use have i for another giddy lad ?
talanthus had me train with them regularly , in addition to the private lessons he gave me , of course .
in addition to activities and sports , i also kept my grades up and did volunteer work , all the things i was assured would help me get a scholarship to a good school .
i looked around the crowded kitchen table , speculating about the newest , temporary addition to the household .
in addition to the chatter i heard other voices , barely perceptible , talking about how your son is not even losing weight while in this poor peoples slum death follows death , hopping from one baby cot to the other .
over her shoulders rose the handle of a two handed sword , in addition , of course , to the daggers on her belly and , he was sure , the knife on her calf .
the regular population must be around a million , then there are the passing-by ones , the illegal ones , the wanted ones , in addition to those who reside here at the cemetery , which no one ever really counted as human beings .
he brought a hand to his knife , when he noticed that , in addition to the guards , there was also a tall , broad-shouldered man , dressed in a long black cloak , black coat , black pants and black boots , each bearing the silver symbol of the city watch : the amputated hand above the log .
mama was sitting next to him with a bottle of wine next to half-full , in addition to those he had already emptied .
in addition , he could roughly understand what they were saying , shadows made things big big , muttered the one he had followed there .
he could hear his voice , reciting blasphemous verses , and in addition to that the cries of terror of those who were to be sacrificed .
at least a hundred gleaming swords were leaning against the walls and , in addition to these , bows and polished shields .
for a start , they seem to be a far later addition to the book than the vellum-like pages theyre either drawn or printed on .
the only strange addition to her lovely gown was a holster that was strapped to her back and housed an obscure , thin object inside it .
in addition to instructing his own people to kill you on sight , he has taken out a contract on you at the cathedral of the assassins .
in addition to services , other rituals , and retreats , the cathedral provided its congregation with day care , parochial schools , family counseling , and numerous artistic and social events .
today i know that i am something in addition to that , but what exactly i am is still a mystery to me .
in addition , you liberated me from pappi , at the price of becoming servants , and as servants you have been faithful and conscientious .
in addition to giving birth to her children , continued ksell , ail-origelf influenced them profoundly in the course of raising them .
i am therefore going to recommend several churches for you to investigate , in addition to our own .
he and his henchmen are already corrupt , selfish , and short-sighted , in addition to being violent and power-hungry .
in addition to all the usual motives for conquest , the conquerors had been supplied by ngargen with yet another : the fear that their own oppressed classes would be inspired by ngargens reforms to revolt , demanding privileges similar to those in ngargens kingdom .
each one was , of course , given his own secret police system ( in addition to the four that ling had left behind , under shimuras command ) , and each could use his system to spy on the others .
in addition to that , there has to be money , so there has to be a mint , a guaranteed monopoly , and so there has to be constant defense against counterfeiting .
in fact , many people did exactly that , and they did refute many parts of many prophecies , which contained many things in addition to the information provided by talek .
the ship left with all hands , and they were to return with the same head count , except perhaps with the addition of the decapitated head of the fugitive traitor maximilianus gunnarsson .
they could hardly understand traveling from one location to another with a large stick , but the addition of time travel made it all the more confusing .
if a lycan clan leader encountered a normal whom he felt would be an excellent addition to the family , and if that normal agreed to the change , an addition was made to the already ample numbers in the clan .
the old mage , being quite satisfied with his addition to the conversation , went back to puffing on his pipe , much to the chagrin of those close by .
in addition , ariel supposed that over the years she had become rather good at unconsciously shielding what she was .
youve been doing a fine job with my account and i should have been glad to have you as an addition from the start .
it goes without saying that herr mozart will receive no addition to the fee if he can not meet these terms .
we were all still living on her estate in holmby hills , though the recent addition of so many men was beginning to tax even her space .
bernard himself had donned his helmet in addition to his mail , and carried his strung bow across his saddle in one hand , an arrow already on the string .
you do n't have an appointment , '' said the black aide patiently , as if explaining addition to a retarded child .
miron 's duties are , in addition to regular priestly business , overseeing diplomatic ties with other churches and carrying out religious expeditions , as which this apparently qualifies .
she was bound to do it , as a servant of the healer , in addition to performing funerary rites and consoling the grieving .
'in addition to being relatively close to ktamgi and friendly to merchants , it 's also as close as one can possibly get to the more northern islands before entering akaneed territory . '
'dread , are you- ' all eyes , in addition to the priestess 's , had turned towards the vessel 's bench .
given that she had already been handed giant purple men-women in addition to giant black fish-things , it would seem a shame if they both did n't try to kill her .
he looked down at the piles , his piles , with denaos 's addition lying smugly on top like fruits on a dessert .
she was on a search of her own , one that could not be compromised by the addition of bloodthirsty , purple-skinned warrior women .
the priests of talanas had offered succour to the wizards , in addition to the wounded they had brought over , and many had grudgingly accepted .
well , because in addition to being an unwholesome blight upon the land , they 're all pretty much the same .
'have you ever heard of a theory that says oculators can power technological types of glass in addition to their lenses ? '
the men who 'd come in with her - everyone who 'd been outside , with the addition of the boy and the man i was sure was his father - had been eyeing her with derision , and a few of them had made comments not quite softly enough .
if this , and the passage in which it occurs , is genuine-descends , that is , without addition or alteration from the poet who wrote beowulf as a whole-and is not , as , i believe , a later expansion , then the point is not destroyed .
well done as the passage in itself is , the poem would be better with the excision of approximately lines 1740-60 ; and these lines are on quite independent grounds under the strongest suspicion of being due to later revision and addition .
there was only a single small sheep for temeraire to eat ; gong su stretched it by stewing , with the addition of some aromatics which he had gathered , and temeraire made a better meal than the men , who had to make do with a sort of hastily cooked porridge , and hard-baked bread .
`` laurence , '' temeraire said , and laurence shuddered up out of an old familiar night-terror : finding himself utterly alone on the deck of the belize , his first command , in a gale ; all the ocean lit up by lightning-flashes and not a human face anywhere in sight ; with the unpleasant new addition of a dragon egg rolling ponderously towards the open forward hatch , too far for him to reach in time : not the green-speckled red of the kazilik egg , but the pale porcelain of temeraire 's .
in addition , she resented the fact that lord maccon might be thought to have anything whatsoever to do with the fact-aside from the obvious , of which her family was as yet unaware-that she was off her food .
in addition , he would have her at his mercy and disposal , thus able to extract al truths from her ad nauseam .
the french , who , in addition to a marked preference for ridiculous mustaches , had a propensity for highly civilized mechanicals , were prepared for vast amounts of luggage .
it was difficult to see the exact nature of his expression as , in addition to the ubiquitous mustache , the clockmaker also wore a golden-brown beard of such epic proportions as might dwarf a mulberry bush .
in addition , alexia could not recal if the inventor had told her whether or not the numbing agent even worked on the supernatural .
passengers-there was room for three in addition to the pilot-were suspended in nappylike leather seats the top of which strapped about the waist .
they ran pel -mel into a line of laundry stretched across the street , taking a pair of trousers and a gentleman 's shirtfront with them , in addition to a string of french curses .
in addition to the melon , chunks of crunchy , salted bread , white with flour , were on offer , as well as a hard , sharp yel ow cheese , apples , and a pitcher of some dark liquid that smel ed like heaven .
so in addition to a feisty new black court partner in the war dance between the council and the vampire courts , i also got angry lust bunny movie stars , deadly curses , and a thoroughly embarrassing job as my investigative cover .
in addition to the police , and probably an ambulance , a bunch of fire trucks were about to show up as well .
`` - slay the wizard that has a full quarter of the red court quaking in their fleshmasks , restore a rebellious employee to acceptable controls , and now , in addition to all of that , i have acquired someone with influence among the local authorities . ''
our father 's study was huge - he 'd built an addition on to our house for it - and it easily held all the occupants .
my superiors would n't react well to learning that , in addition to all my other solo activities with vampires , i was making side deals with them .
in addition to voluntary residents like niobe and mick , the low-security wing housed a library , cafeteria , gym , and television lounge .
in addition to the owner 's manual , maps , and receipts , there was a candy bar and a nearly full bottle of jack daniel 's .
and curveball , lohengrin , rustbelt , toad man , and brave hawk were here in addition to my own team .
`` we 've compensated for this to some degree , by introducing training for overland marches , the addition of auxiliary units of cavalry- '' aquitaine murmured something at the back of the room .
in addition to its protective furies , the tower was also home to the grey guard , a half century of knights ferrous recruited specifically for the quality of their character and their loyalty to the realm .
the door was cheap and weatherworn , clearly a relatively recent addition to the house , and it was marked with the shallow , round indentations of what isana assumed had to be thousands of other people banging on it with a dagger 's pommel .
durias took them past the canim hospital area and nodded at a patched old aleran legion pavilion , converted into a tent with the addition of what looked like reused canvas sails .
progress was a little slower now , because some of the party broke away occasionally to have a fight amongst themselves or an impromptu hunt , and in addition to the king of lancre there was now , bobbing through the heather , the fox , a stunned stag , a wild boar , and a weasel who 'd been suspected of looking at a nac mac feegle in a funny way .
that , in addition to terrifying dreams about this girl , i had a vision of some other woman , who i definitely did n't know , who lived during the civil war ?
demon math what is just in a world you 've ripped in two as if there could be a half for me a half for you what is fair when there is nothing left to share what is yours when your pain is mine to bear this sad math is mine this mad path is mine subtract they say do n't cry back to the desk try forget addition multiply and i reply this is why remainders hate division i rested my head against the wall next to the words .
in addition to his disheveled aspect , tunstell was looking quite tragic , in a shakespearean comedy kind of way .
madame lefoux had been a surprise addition to the party , although she probably was not adding much to the conversation .
`` and from the perspective of those in need , that extra quarter of a million bucks your material person spent on the prestige addition for his house looks like an awful lot of lifesaving food and medicine that could have existed if the jerk with the big house in the suburbs had n't blown it all to artificially inflate his sociogeographic penis . ''
in addition to all the bars and grates , the adobe and stucco buildings held grime , though people fought it with flamboyant paint .
i thought there must be a woman in his life because it was clean and guest towels hung on the rack in addition to the old ones piled on the counter .
the granite angel seemed to come out of nowhere and i slammed my head into its wings hard enough to see stars in addition to the white sparks .
in addition , there was a secret society of gifted individuals that i 'd only just learned about , and the mentor who was supposed to teach me how to go on probably never wanted to see or hear from me again .
`` do you think your divine blood might be reacting to the demon magick , in addition to the compulsion as consort ? ''
in addition to his adrenal glands , it seemed like his personal demons had also survived his death .
in addition to looking for isaac 's nonexistent note , she 'd been hoping to see her brother 's ghost , but it was as if the two of them had both left her high and dry with no good-bye .
she turned back to the others present , and said , `` in addition to the forces already mentioned , two more of kalare 's legions have already seized the bridges over the gaul at hector and vondus .
much of the city was in savage disrepair , and impoverished shanties had replaced more solid construction , in addition to engulfing the land around the city 's walls for several hundred yards in every direction .
it also does n't help poor harry 's sex life that in addition to her skirt , the top three buttons are open on her shirt and all she will need to do is bend over a couple inches too far and everything will fall right out .
`` yeah , i can say that in addition to repairing the basement wall that we 're having pavement laid in the driveway , too . ''
but given that it 's only a block or two away from the heart of second city , the addition of trees and homes made it feel more like a park nestled down at the feet of the city .
it was n't a fortune , but it sure as hell would be a nice little addition to my earnings in the investigation business .
heavy contractor 's plastic had been stapled to the wooden studs to keep the wind off the addition .
one of the sliding glass doors that had previously led to the back patio was open , and on the other side was a lot of bare wood and plastic-the addition michael was building .
in addition to simms , who founded our organization , we maintain facilities in which quite a number of precognitives are housed and cared for .
rincewind looked around nervously for a tall figure in black ( wizards , even failed wizards , have in addition to rods and cones in their eyeballs the tiny octagons that enable them to see into the far octarine , the basic colour of which all other colours are merely pale shadows impinging on normal four-dimensional space .
ruby had been taking advice from some of the girls who worked in the clicks , and in addition to her feather boa she 'd now invested in a broad-rimmed hat with some sort of oograah , cherries she thought they were called , in it .
witches and pickles went together like - she hesitated before the stomach-curdling addition of peaches and cream , and mentally substituted 'things that went together very well ' .
in addition , nanny 's feet moved in a complicated jig step regardless of the actual tempo , so that while her body actually progressed at the speed of a waltz her feet were doing something a bit nearer to a hornpipe .
this had been overcome by the addition of two large props under the branches , a little further out from the ropes of the swing , keeping the whole top of the tree at about the right height off the ground .
in addition to not having any equipment with which to think or feel , the luggage also had no means of seeing .
in accordance with this law , greebo 's soul had noted that there was one extra option for use in a tight corner ( in addition to the usual cat assortment of run , fight , crap or all three together ) and that was : become human .
... also in addition to the klatchian money you could tell one of them had been there because of , e.g. , the sand on the floor ... 'he 'd still got sand in his sandals ? '
he was lying with his nose just above the surface when he heard , with the addition of that special gloinggloing sound that comes from listening with your ears underwater , some distant talking .
frenzied searching had failed to locate a steak bush so far but had found , in addition to numerous more conventional fruits , a pasta bush , a sort of squash that contained something very much like custard and , to ridcully 's disgust , a pineapple-like plant the fruit of which was , when the husk had been stripped away , a large plum pudding .
this had often been the case with learning through play , but this time the addition of trumpets , the swish of arrows and the screams of the fallen seemed to be going too far .
everyone has a conditional clause in their life , some little unspoken addition to the rules like 'except when i really need to ' or 'unless no one is looking ' or , indeed , 'unless the first one was nougat ' .
'and now , mister stibbons , in addition , right now , i wish you , in fact , to lend , to me , your hat , please . '
and , in addition to the darning and stitching that was turning miss battye into one of the highest earning seamstresses in the city , they needed something else that women were best able to supply .
there , still wearing his hugely oversize coat but now with the addition of a helmet much too large for him , was nobby nobbs .
it occurred to her that in addition to being a collection of other things , the forest was a thing in itself .
the mistress of the women had found out that , in addition to the tattoos on his forearms , his back was a veritable illustrated history of exotic practices , and had brought the girls out to be educated .
`` as i mentioned yesterday , in addition to your gifts and the missions you will be tasked with , you will have a station , '' william said , gliding back to the chalkboard and grabbing up the piece of chalk i was still watching .
with some , he was able to make out landmarks and timeframes ; either a team would be sent to carry out their sworn promise to protect humanity if the deaths were within their power to save ( and if he was back in his alliance of guardians ) , or a transformation team was sent to preview the doomed mortal , and determine if they would be a needed addition to the immortal world .
`` you ca n't possibly believe with all the previous indicators , and now the newest little addition to your impressive repertoire of gifts , they would let their so-called chosen one 's death go unpunished ? ''
even before this knowledge of my gift , i knew william 's council approving a betrothal for us would be unlikely at best-given his prestige and respect in the community , and me being a new , utterly normal , unpredictable addition-but now knowing what i was ... there was no hope for a betrothal now .
it was only then that i noticed the absence of john 's army , the addition of five haywards , and the three bodies sprawled in awkward positions over the red stained dirt .
in addition to making you even more stunning than usual , it serves as an effective means of evading cora .
wil iam and joseph were the first to burst into laughter , but it was fol owed by the addition of a couple more .
in addition to the blood of someone from merlin and nimue 's lines , we need the second generation in a banshee line , so one who is also a mother .
basically , they had much the same regulations that ruled wolf clubs the world over , along with the addition of the `` no harm to the humans '' rules jodie had mentioned .
he took laurence back towards the map again ; it had been already a little improved , and an entirely new addition made to the west : a vague distance allowed for the atlantic , and then the approximate shapes of the american continents drawn out : the great harbor of rio most prominently marked , and the islands of the west indies placed a little tentatively somewhere to the north .
she was no small addition : having gained her full growth in the intervening months since they had seen her , she was now enormously long and sprawling , the heavy coils of her serpentine body at least as long as temeraire , and draped over anything which happened to be in her way , most inconveniently .
when we come to patrilinear surnames it is obvious that these may multiply without any addition to the 'blood ' to which their etymology would seem to testify , indeed rather with the extinction of it as an effective ingredient in the make-up , physical or mental , of the bearers of the name .
the addition of a plural ending ( normally belonging to the past tense ) to an infected form of the 3 sg .
so in addition to kidnapping , less than four hours later he 'd be adding breaking and entering to his criminal repertoire .
he had too much shit on his plate , in addition to a simmering temper and a pressing need for a long , hard screw .
`` in addition to learning how to kill and dealing with a fear of all things evil , you 've got alec to manage , and your feelings about what happened to you because of his lust . ''
`` if you think of anything that might help , please give us a call in addition to the other detectives you spoke with earlier . ''
`` in addition to incurring raguel 's wrath , you are also foregoing the possibility of humiliation for your brother . ''
due to lack of heating , the house was n't much warmer than the outside , but the addition of a breeze helped cool her overheated skin .
and with the video to play alongside it and back up everything that i wrote , i knew that it could actually be a worthwhile addition to ada 's blog .
the music was on a continuous suck cycle except for the occasional addition of kylie minogue or lady gaga .
some of my mixtures had worked better than others , you see , and those i had continued to work with , improving them , making this change or addition , then that one , patiently , trying one after the other and all the time searching out new approaches as well .
with a decent fire warden -- which emily was , as far as i remembered , in addition to being an outstanding earth warden -- this could come to a peaceful conclusion .
the last thing i needed to deal with , , in addition to fighting the growing hostility of the world around us , was the general population going nuts .
in addition , most of the causeways have been cut , to prevent the vord from making use of them , so they can not be factored into our planning . ''
multiple broad staircases were new additions , and ran from the ground up to the steadholt 's walls .
but the addition of nash and brandon and their lycan condition made everything that was perfect turn into chaos .
`` not only were you unable to attain intelligence regarding gaius 's chambers from this girl-in addition , she escaped from you and every one of my knights . ''
in addition , it 's a way to force the sentinels out in the open , by forcing them to counter our move . ''
a low , discreet modern addition in the rear held the grimmer rooms where the actual functions of the funeral home were conducted .
there were differences in the reading i got from the older one , in addition to the shock of finding tabitha .
with the addition of a full white mob cap and a very humble expression , she looked every inch the housekeeper she wished to portray .
in addition to a well-fortified holding area and brick walls , there were no less than fourteen bedrooms , a goodly number of receiving parlors , and several precarious-looking but fully functional towers , one of which lord and lady maccon utilized as their boudoir .
alexia knew well her friend 's style and design aesthetic , so she looked for any small protrusion or unusual sculptural addition to the barrel , something that might be pressed or pulled .
he was no longer entirely comfortable , i could see that ; in addition to the change in body language , he 'd put on a pair of blue jeans and a loose , worn gray t-shirt with the logo of some university faded almost to invisibility .
the walls had been reinforced with actual metal , which must have added a great deal of unnecessary weight to the ship , and the floor was padded with old sailcloth ; in addition , there was a small coal-stove in the corner , though this was not presently in use .
with the sustaining flush of righteous anger gone , he was tired , and miserable to have met with such treatment ; in addition he now had to anticipate with dismay the consequences he knew would follow on his having checked the man .
give a thank-you speech in return , but only the one the capitol gave us , never any personal additions now .
in addition to sug beetles and other scavengeable foodstuffs , there was water to hand and there would be easy game nearby if he chose to stay longer than the month or two his van 's supplies would support .
i tossed in the contents of my wallet , which did n't make an impressive addition , and handed it to him .
in addition to the pilot , any person that the pilot is touching will get pulled along for the ride . ''
`` in addition to the trained members of our society that we 'll send back with you , '' the woman said , `` there 's also a local hystorian already living in the vicinity of most of the breaks .
`` i rounded these troublemakers up for you - they 're desperate for money , and i know you 're probably looking for some last-minute additions to the help . ''
ct. s. eliot chapter 11 the derry of the old crocks was not the only secret city existing quietly within the place ralph roberts had always thought of as home ; as a boy growing up in mary mead , where the various old cape housing developments stood today , ralph had discovered there was , in addition to the derry that belonged to the grownups , one that belonged strictly to the children .
a number of spotlights ( new additions , he was quite sure ) threw fans of illumination across its lawn , and ralph could see two men walking back and forth at the end of grotesquely elongated shadows ... rent-a-cops , he supposed .
a number of spotlights ( new additions , he was quite sure ) threw fans of illumination across its lawn , and ralph could see two men walking back and forth at the end of grotesquely elongated shadows ... rent-a-cops , he supposed .
in addition to the automatic weapon in his hands , there was a revolver on his hip and a small green duffel-bag by his left foot .
he had spent four days in a coma , but leydecker knew how lucky he was ; in addition to the state trooper who had been standing beside him at the time of the explosion , six cops had died , two of them members of leydecker 's handpicked team .
`` i 've tried everything i can think of to make heads or tails of it-addition , multiplying the lines , division-and i still do n't get it .
not for tonight , that menu had been planned weeks ago , but blackened tuna would make an excellent addition to his regular bill of fare .
`` here we are , understaffed , and our newest addition has to answer phones instead of working on the caseload .
a sign in front of a curtained-off area said to watch for the latest addition to the entertaining yet informative displays , earth vs .
in addition to the week of heaven , she 'd also received ten thousand dollars in cash and a brand-new car .
in addition , the fact that the church lies within the city walls makes for an excellent disputation , as the tomb of jesus would have been outside the city . ''
the invitations were limited to twelve dozen ( a number also called by the hobbits one gross , though the word was not considered proper to use of people ) ; and the guests were selected from all the families to which bilbo and frodo were related , with the addition of a few special unrelated friends ( such as gandalf ) .
they breakfasted now off the remainder of tom 's provisions , meant for their supper , with additions that tom had brought with him .
in addition to all his other labours he was busy directing the cleaning up and restoring of bag end ; but he was often away in the shire on his forestry work .
as it turned out , all nine of us did n't make it , but i know that the six of us who are left , as well as the addition of number ten , will do whatever it takes to survive what 's to come .
`` but in addition to the rules he broke at school , he also tampered with the id scans at the chimra .
in addition to using sophisticated sensors to monitor and register the goings-on of capital city , compiling information for munis about the flow of people and goods-keeping everything running smoothly , perfectly-the grid 's lesser-known function was a protective one .
normally they lived far below the earth and consequently bore a close resemblance to huge blind worms with the addition of long , boneless arms .
and thus , with the addition of one extremely large cotton print dress , a golem became female enough for miss maccalariat .
it was in every respect the picture of a wizard - robed , pointy-hatted , bearded and elderly - with the addition of a silvery monochrome effect overall and some slight transparency .
but you will find inside you , in addition to these two impulses , a third thing which tells you that you ought to follow the impulse to help , and suppress the impulse to run away .
but the moment you say that , you are putting into the universe a third thing in addition to the two powers : some law or standard or rule of good which one of the powers conforms to and the other fails to conform to .
but psychoanalysis itself , apart from all the philosophical additions that freud and others have made to it , is not in the least contradictory to christianity .
when we come on to the animals , we find other kinds of resemblance in addition to biological life .
in addition , the crewmembers had taken vin 's beating and sudden rescue in stride , never mentioning their betrayal or refusal to help her .
be careful , house venture keeps about a dozen hazekillers in addition to its regular troops and mistings . ''
the group turned right , entering a room whose whites were muted slightly by the addition of maroon furnishings and drapes .
in addition , it enhances your mind , allowing you to deal with the new information , allowing you to react more quickly and collectedly . ''
in addition , they wo n't have swallowed it yet-atium is fragile , and your digestive juices will ruin it in a matter of hours .
in addition , hasting was a strong mercantile house-meaning it depended a great deal upon its contracts to survive .
in addition , the ground around the camp had been completely stripped of plant life , as if it had been grazed by a group of particularly aggressive goats .
in addition , you 'll get to keep your heads-which is a far better deal than straff would offer , i assure you .
in addition , the sword-or , more accurately , the koloss holding it-weighed so much that elend would n't be able to use allomancy to push it out of the creature 's hands .
each one had a specialized aspect to it as well-the first had contained weapons in addition to its other supplies , while the second had contained large amounts of lumber .
in addition , he had spent a year wearing the bones of a wolfhound , being forced to try to keep up with his mistborn master .
since they already had allomantic powers , the addition of other abilities made them awesomely strong .
around him , the other inquisitors had danced about , cutting apart the other bodies with their axes , rejoicing in the addition of another member to their ranks .
in addition , they must have done something to the hinges-or perhaps even piled up more rock against the other side-for she could n't get the door to budge .
in addition , the village was in flames-by this point , very few structures remained that were n't burning .
in addition , beneath their translucent skin , he could see that they had white , normal skeletons .
still , fadrex had survived-if only because of the last-minute addition of several thousand allomancers and the eventual retreat of the koloss .
but it worked , though he frequently had to put up with wayne 's playful additions of little stick-figure bandits or mistwraiths rampaging across the otherwise neat and orderly sketchwork and notes .
strappi looked pleased at having spotted that one , and went on , `` point two : in addition to its soldiers , ankh-morpork has sent vimes the butcher , the most evil man in that evil city .
in addition , i always believed it took more energy for the two sides to stay apart than it would for them to finally come together .
now , with a certainty which never after deserted him , he saw the planets - the 'earths ' he called them in his thought - as mere holes or gaps in the living heaven - excluded and rejected wastes of heavy matter and murky air , formed not by addition to , but by subtraction from , the surrounding brightness .
it brought him the usual vegetable foods of malacandra , and strong drink , with the very welcome addition of a smooth brown substance which revealed itself to nose , eye and palate , in defiance of all probability , as cheese .
there 's a pause because obviously the interviewer is asking a question , which without the lip-reading addition to the sound energies , i ca n't hear .
so tavi was left to sit there in the dark , most of the time , feeling vaguely guilty that he stayed in his bunk while others labored to bring the ship through the storm , and bored out of his skull-in addition to being sicker than anyone really ought to be .
by the time the men began to rouse themselves , he 'd managed to prepare a large amount of mash and sliced and fried four entire hams , in addition to the stacks of ship 's biscuit and gallons of hot , bitter tea .
long , low to the ground , swift , and powerful , their bodies were covered with the same dark chitin as the other vord amara had seen-with the addition of raised , serrated ridges down the lengths of their spines and flanks .
in addition to that , spheres of white-hot fire began to erupt among them , some of them large enough to engulf a behemoth and the vord-lizards all around it .
both of them were younger than me , some of the most recent additions to the white council 's military-slash-police organization .
i clenched my physical jaws shut and focused on the image-me , briefly wondering just how badly cracked my engine block was going to get by trying to keep track of my own personal internal reality in addition to the actual , threatening reality where rawlins and i were in deep trouble .
perhaps , in addition to existing only in my head , she was all in my imagination , kind of a waking dream .
`` yeah , but- '' `` in addition , '' she continued , `` you are exhausted , and it is reasonable to assume that crane will finish his negotiations shortly and turn you over to one of your foes .
in addition to sober information about phases of the moon and seed sowings it took a certain grisly relish in recounting the various mass murders , vicious robberies and natural disasters that befell mankind , on the lines of 'june 15 , year of the impromptu stoat : on this day 150 yrs .
doreen , in addition to her here-one-minute-and-gone-the-next vampire accent , had decided to complement arthur 's evening dress with what she considered appropriate for a female vampire : figure-hugging black dress , long dark hair cut into a widow 's peak , and very pallid makeup .
and we do scan this area every six months to record changes , but maybe the tunnels are a recent addition .
in addition , when you find a former armedius student who died , i want you to read the obituary and note anything ... odd in it . ''
she thought so , and she thought she was n't seeing it because it was n't an addition but a deletion .
in addition , there seems to have been some kind of trouble involving his daughter-anyway , the conte was sure he was confronting a demon , and he felt that god had given him a mission to rid the world of what he thought was spawned by hell . ''
it never occurs to them that private detectives might happily withhold information in return for an addition to their modest income . ''
pascal 's was reading minds , and mine-in addition to the strength and quick healing that came with being a brannick-was sensing prodigium .
in addition to the running track circling it , the field also boasted several sets of rickety-looking bleachers .
in addition to giving me time to figure out homework , those ten days let me get closer to romy and dex .
apparently we 'd been paired up based on who sat closest to us , so in addition to romy , our group included adam .
if i talked to your source , in addition to protecting you , perhaps we could craft a better story together .
`` all goblins are voracious lovers , merry , but it is the addition of more tender meat to ours that has given rise to trullups .
in addition , you will have offered an insult to the reputation and integrity of the archive-which i will take personal action to amend . ''
in addition to the heels , he wore yellow checked gaiters , gold satin breeches , an orange and lemon striped waistcoat , and an evening jacket of sunny pink brocade .
in addition to being bur 's supernatural liaison and alpha of the woolsey castle pack , lord maccon was an agent of queen victoria 's shadow parliament .
in addition to the massive bride 's cake and the piles of nutty groom 's cakes for the guests to take home , there were rhubarb tarts , stewed cherries , fresh strawberries and purple grapes , gravy boats of clotted cream , and plum pudding .
all of them dressed in their navy blue and white uniforms ; the only change today was the addition of navy blue or cardinal red cardigans , signaling the change in temperature .
my fingers were stained in an orange reminder that i would be making indian food a permanent addition to my diet when i returned to omaha .
in addition to the folks at pocket books who undertook to publish this project , i 'd like to thank chuck verrill , who agented the deal and served as liaison between pocket books and abc-tv .
in addition , by most accounts , king gavilar originally ignored these strange , self-sufficient parshmen .
in addition to touting worn-out family values , radio host dana dailey also enjoyed working thinly veiled racist , homophobic , and even sexist insinuations into her talk show .
shape-shifting , in addition to so many other benefits , could modify one 's voice and vocal cords .
in addition to me cheating and pushing my husband into a debilitating depression , it had later resulted in me selling my soul and joining the ranks of hell .
in addition to the embarrassment of a philandering wife , he now had to do damage control and still maintain his strong stance on family values for the sake of his political career .
maybe ... in addition to the sex , a little remorse on your part for spurning morganna centuries ago would help . ''
to let him drivel on until he 'd worked himself into a coughing fit or a heart attack , and give him in addition the disappointment of finding that he was treated civilly . ''
thinking was hard now , even simple addition slowed by constant thoughts of eddie , but he found he could do it if he really tried .
in addition , his forehead had been split by the rock against which it had fetched up , and the right side of his face was drowned in blood .
it was n't unusual for antony to succumb to melancholy , in fact , it was the very reason cleopatra had his own palatial addition built ... so that he had a vast private place to surround himself with while he moped.i knew she was n't upset that he had chosen to sleep alone-she was only sad because of the timing.she wanted to soak in his strength so she could maintain her own .
it may be observed that in this part of the story the earliest version had a strength that was diminished later , in that the duration of tinuviel 's imprisonment and her journey to beren 's rescue relates readily enough to that of beren 's captivity , which was intended by his captors to be unending ; whereas in the later story there is a great deal of event and movement ( with the addition of luthien 's captivity in nargothrond ) to be fitted into the time when beren was awaiting his death in the dungeon of the necromancer .
it is not now stated that all the elves of the great lands fell beneath melko ; rather there are named several centres of resistance to his power , in addition to tinwelint/ thingol in artanor : turgon of gondolin , the sons of feanor , and egnor of hisilome ( beren 's father ) -- one of the chiefest foes of melko 'in all the kin of the gnomes that still were free ' ( p. 44 ) .
the story of airin 's judge- ment on these doings , made in order to save turin , was afterwards removed ; and turin 's solitary departure was expanded , with the addition also of the firing of brodda 's hall by aerin ( narn p. 109 ) .
there are in addition some indications in the tale of how the caves of the rodothlim related to tinwelint 's kingdom and to the land ( * tasarinan survived as the quenya name without change : 'the willow-meads of tasarinan ' in treebeard 's song in the two towers , iii.y . )
* such conceptions as the music of the ainur , which is referred to by later addition in tuor a ( p. 163 ) , may of course have been in my father 's mind a good while before he wrote that tale in oxford while working on the dictionary ( i .
the original reading was : 'who alone escaped melko 's power when he caught their folk ... ' in tuor a and b vomnwe is used throughout , but this phrase , with the form bronweg , is an addition to tuor 8 ( replacing the original 'now after many days these twain found a deep dale ' ) .
glorfalc or cris ilbranteloth ( p. 150 ) tuor a has glorfalc or teld quing ilon ; tuor b as written had no elvish names , glorfalc or cris ilbranteloth being a later addition .
but though the textual history is here extremely hard to interpet , what with erasures and j additions on loose pages , i think it is almost certain that this reshaping was done while the original composition 0f the tale was still in progress .
there are four items headed 'additions ' on this page of the notebook : building of earame ( eaglepinion ) .
in addition , there are two texts in which a part of the city of present sorrow is treated as a separate entity .
in addition to goth 'war , strife ' ( qenya root koso 'strive ' ) may be noted gothwen 'battle ' , gothweg 'warrior ' , gothwin 'amazon ' , gothriol 'warlike ' , gothfeng 'war-arrow ' , gothwilm 'armistice ' .
the second element of this is sur 'long , trailing ' , qenya sora , and a later addition here is surfang 'a long-beard , a naugla or inrafang ' .
`` well just look at what you 're doing , keeping his business going whilst recovering from a car accident and , in addition to that , taking a stray into your home and helping her out . ''
tall , with thick , close-cropped greying hair , big round blue eyes , his paunch disguised by his dark overcoat , miles was a reasonably attractive addition to the hand-baked biscuits and local cheeses .
a year or so later a young man she was dating more or less regularly began taking her down to the village , where some of the young ( and mostly white ) folk-singers who performed there had added some new and startling songs to their repetoiredsuddenly , in addition to all those old wheezes about how john henry had taken his hammer and outraced the new steam-hammer ( killing himself in the process , lawd , lawd ) and how bar'bry allen had cruelly rejected her lovesick young suitor ( and ended up dying of shame , lawd , lawd ) , there were songs about how it felt to be down and out and ignored in the city , how it felt to be turned away from a job you could do because your skin was the wrong color , how it felt to be taken into a jail cell and whipped by mr. charlie because your skin was dark and you had dared , lawd , lawd , to sit in the white folks ' section of the lunch-counter at an f.w .
in addition , some of those who best served the empire-merchants and laborers-were systematically robbed by a hundred hands in their pockets .
it had been discovered by my far ancestor , thrain the old , but now they mined and they tunnelled and they made huger halls and greater workshops -and in addition i believe they found a good deal of gold and a great many jewels too .
they had brought with them a great store of supplies ; for the dwarves can carry very heavy burdens , and nearly all of dain 's folks , in spite of their rapid march , bore huge packs on their backs in addition to their weapons .
in addition to everything about the book and the dream , there was something even more overwhelming weighing on cassie 's mind : she had to talk to adam about the cord she 'd seen connecting adam to scarlett on the night scarlett left town .
in addition to not knowing about my queenly status , rowan also did n't know there 'd been a complete upheaval in the alder land .
i would have loved coffee but had enough trouble sleeping without the addition of caffeine this late at night .
in addition to two missed calls from lara , i discovered i had indeed missed an appointment for a banishing last night .
i 'd set the gun on the counter while tugging my bandages straight , but in the blink of an eye , the revolver was back in my left hand , pointed toward the new addition in the kitchen .
in addition to the suit 's defenses , sam would also be equipped with the extra blades and daggers that celaena was now sharpening .
i must give it to the hands in addition to their grog ration , not in its place , or it would be no celebration at all . ''
roland overheard : instantly she and dyer stood shining-eyed and hopeful before laurence , full of silent pleading , and with some hesitation he said , `` well - if the chinese have no objection to their addition to the party - `` this was enough encouragement ; they vanished belowdecks for their own bags , and came scrambling back up even before staunton had finished negotiating for their inclusion .
in addition to those laurence saw ferrying people about with their carrying harnesses , others bore loads of freight ; but a sizable number also seemed to be traveling alone on more important business , wearing collars of varying colors , much like the different colors of the mandarins ' jewels .
the bodies of the dead were forming a grisly addition to their barrier , piled now two and even three deep , and some of the attackers were forced to stretch over them to fight .
in addition to her hatboxes , of which she took the greatest care and supervision , mrs. tunstell was accompanied by her husband , her children , their nursemaid , the wardrobe mistress , the prop master , a set designer , and six supporting cast members .
in addition , her aunt biffy and her uncle lyall were more likely to scoop her up and twirl her around when the sun was up .
it was something of a necessity for boots , who , in addition to stew , had conditioned her curls with some kind of pudding .
in addition , he was forced to expend a lot of resources keeping his army strong in case of a hallandren assault .
`` that 's right , '' tonk fah said , `` but , you forgot to mention that in addition to being honest , we 're also clever .
he 'd focused on faile because he loved her so much , but-in addition-he 'd done so because it had been convenient .
it seemed that in addition to the rebels , egwene had an opportunity to address the majority of the remaining occupants of the tower .
`` in addition , '' balwer said , reaching into his sleeve , `` there are an alarming number of these traveling among cutpurses , slipfingers and footpads in cairhien . ''
i should think the wisdom of a few cairhienin lords would be a great addition to my court , and perhaps educate me upon my heritage on my father 's side . ''
`` in addition '' , he said , taking her reins and helping her dismount as they reached the command tent , `` i 'd never given much thought to the fact that a warder can , of course , ignore the three oaths .
they were a passionate people , and were making a fine addition to the empire now that they were properly tamed .
no longer overwhelmed by sharan lances , the white tower infantry on the left-center were able to use their pikes and halberds again , and with the addition of the efforts of the seanchan second and third banners , defenses were slowly reestablished at the ford .
in addition to the place where the tairens and domani held the trollocs back , they had a second force guarding their camp and the pathway up to where rand fought .
in addition to the legion of the dragon and the borderlanders , his force , along with the wolf guard and the whitecloaks , had moved downriver following the battle at the ruins .
it was n't like i was worried about collecting a few more dents and dings in addition to the dozens already there .
the djinn ca n't stop it , even with the addition of the five hundred ; the storm is a natural thing , and we ca n't fight manifestations of the mother nearly so well as we fight each other , or things in the world of man .
my little theoretical addition to the practical chaos already swirling around would n't matter a damn , really ; i focused and got hold of the running-on-empty power i had left , and found just about enough to fund a tiny lightning bolt to fry the electronic keypad .
none of her neighbors were close , in addition to which , fairyville had an ordinance against commercial lights shining after ten .
that was the one thing about jamie that separated him from me , in addition to the human , nonhuman thing .
of course the thought was quickly followed by tammy 's favorite addition : `` if it just sits in your living room , eating your food , messing up your stuff , and using your phone while taking all of your money , and never behaves as if you actually set it free in the first place ... you either married it or gave birth to it . ''
personally , she hated coming up with new syllabi and that was without the addition of a ... then again , she did have jesse .
no matter what eye color they 'd been born with , the moment they were brought back to life , in addition to being extremely light sensitive , their eyes were so dark as to be almost black .
she went to the shower and turned it on , then noticed that the clothes were n't the only additions he 'd made .
he is impressive , and given the way he savored the fight and victory , he should make a good addition to our group . ''
`` i wanted to make sure that our two newest additions did n't meet with resistance from the others . ''
i e-mailed acheron about halloween , and he said to tell you and talon that there will be two new additions moved in for it .
but in addition to being goddess of the hunt , artemis was also a healer , and a protector of children and women .
in addition to the fact that she despised him as much as he despised her , melanthe was a light-skirted liar and thief who 'd proved malicious to the bone .
in addition to all their history-and all her offendments-melanthe was a sorceri , a species that confounded him with their counterintuitive ways .
in addition to the mercreatures , she saw selkies with their seal-skin coats , tree nymphs , and satyrs .
alec was dressed in a sober black suit ; magnus , to simon 's surprise , was similarly dressed , with the addition of a long white silk scarf with tasseled ends and a pair of white gloves .
in addition , i have seen rogues of interuniversal renown fail to gain admittance to even discuss their membership with the secretary-on one memorable day i passed a famous financier , in company with the head of the hy-brasail mafia and a preeminent prime minister on their way down the back stairs with the blackest of expressions upon their faces , having obviously been told not even to think about returning .
`` and i am , in addition , an expert on geographical features from tulsa , oklahoma , to timbuktu , '' continued professor mandalay .
the library sector was a great place to do just that-and i was perfectly aware that in addition to an extensive cross-referencing system , the library had a full set of census reports from nearly every world we had access to for the past hundred years , some of them organized by person .
he had , in addition to this passion for the hunt , one truly precious trait which separated him completely from lesser killers .
later additions to this castle , rhosh had designed in the high gothic style for his own pleasure , and his heart was warmed when those mortals who occasionally stumbled on this place thought it was a triumph .
though human visitors have not been many , still some have come , and after spending time in meditation , they have left with some small addition to their store of wisdom . ''
`` and i am , in addition , an expert on geographical features from tulsa , oklahoma , to timbuktu , '' continued professor mandalay .
like all demons , he had a good memory for faces , even after ten years , the loss of a wimple , and the addition of some rather severe makeup .
in addition to which , every couple of months crowley would pick out a plant that was growing too slowly , or succumbing to leaf.. wilt or browning , or just did n't look quite as good as the others , and he would carry it around to all the other plants .
in addition to the police there were also approximately two hundred others standing around , and inspecting the m25 through binoculars .
it is good for wind and the ague , and it is , in addition , a gentle soporific , which has the curious property of causing one who tastes of it to speak nothing but the truth for several hours .
in addition to the captain and meggot there were five other members of the crew , a disparate bunch who seemed content to let captain alberic do all the talking , which he did , with his ale-pot in one hand , and the other hand alternately concerned with holding his stubby pipe and conveying food into his mouth .
in addition to killing his bride 's kind , horde vampires often imprisoned them and fed nightly on their exquisite blood .
he was one of the few vampires she 'd encountered who might actually be interested in sex in addition to blood .
in addition to deadening his abilities , his doses suppressed his emotions and any appetites , whether for food-or for sex .
she was indeed absent , but there were three new inmates in addition to the sorceress from before : two more sorceri-portia , the queen of stone , and emberine , the queen of flames .
in addition to digging up wen shen , gong su had spoken with the captains of the chinese ships ; all the vessels had subsequently weighed anchor and maneuvered , awkwardly , into places around the potentate , evidently with the design of providing her some protection .
placet said with a sigh at dyhern 's addition to their party , though he outweighed an elephant handily and could have taken several more passengers without any real trouble .
`` how clumsy they are , '' laurence overheard one of the dragons murmuring to another , not unjustly : the russian infantry were not even skillful at mounting their own dragons , plainly as yet uneasy with the entire business , and often tripped over one another in their haste to disembark even without the addition of acrobatics .
the japanese restaurant had gone out of business and had been instantly replaced , in the way of london restaurants , by a hungarian restaurant , which had kept the conveyor belt as a high-tech addition to the world of hungarian cuisine , which meant that rapidly cooling bowls of goulash , paprika dumplings , and pots of sour cream made their way in stately fashion around the room .
in addition , they were more beautiful than the women of dominica , and they were better cooks than you would find anywhere on earth .
people kept clapping fat charlie on the back , and buying him drinks with umbrellas in them ; in addition to which , he had now collected five business cards from people in the music world on the island for the festival .
nine months later , she has a little boy , finds out sean 's married , comes home , and life goes on with the addition of a car seat in the back .
`` change her so far that the charms wo n't recognize her , '' she added , her head tilted as she assessed the latest addition to her scrapbook from hell .
it had been to celebrate the addition of a few new members , but everyone except david had treated me as if i was some sort of revered personage .
notable background : subject was taken over by bloodlust due to a curse of unknown origins and nearly killed human female danika ford in addition to her maternal grandmother , mother and older sister .
during aeron 's blood-curse , the demon had spoken to him-in one-word commands-in addition to flashing violent images through his mind .
then , beside the beast , between two other pillars , another monster appeared , and strider blinked at the sudden addition .
he could have stripped and presented himself as a slave , or a new addition to the harem , but he refused to relinquish his new weapons .
talk to cronus , spank the guy 's wife , kill galen while he was at his weakest and find kane , but first , he wanted to catch up with his friends and visit the newest additions to the family .
this time , he offered no addition , and the warmth returned to her body , speeding through her veins , and oh , sweet heat , suddenly her heart was racing faster than ever before , her bones melting , the rest of her liquefying .
`` and now , ladies and gentlemen , we are proud to introduce the newest addition to the lucky horn family .
the new addition pushed me , and i pinwheeled over a body , landing with a hard thud , my side throbbing .
in addition , there was a fireplace large enough to park a car inside and a wall made entirely of floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking an expansive patio with a view of endless , rolling , vine-covered hills .
it can , though not the way you think ; the tablet has the ability to open portals to other points in time in addition to other dimensions .
in addition , staying here only increases the odds that i might overlap with myself , something that must be avoided .
descending the stairs i saw the same group that had been in london that first night , with the addition of lyla and another girl , her mousy-brown hair tied up into a bun .
the explanation was simple : the usual history teacher was off on maternity leave , and the current unit for both our class and the a2 class was sagean history , so mr. sylaeia would teach both classes together in addition to english .
the garage doors were fully raised when i rounded the building , the only change in my appearance the addition of the school 's v-neck jumper and my school bag .
there were clearly two questions on the lips of every single person who entered the room , but it was n't until gwen thundered in , flopped down into a chair opposite the prince , and pointed at the two newest additions to the homeroom group , that anyone was brave enough to voice their curiosity .
the guests did not stop arriving , and having been roped in as hostess , i found myself hitting repeat when explaining that the gorgeous , mirrored ballroom was based on the one in the palace of versailles , and had been the atheneas ' recent addition to the place .
something tells me losing the element of surprise in addition to being deficiently armed is not the best strategy .
i google the ridgefield community art colony where mom holds questionable unemployment as a docent twice a week in addition to her meat and potato grind at the diner , but it 's like it never existed .
`` according to these documents , you fell a good twenty feet and sustained a nasty contusion at the base of your cerebellum , in addition to a laceration above the temple . ''
in addition to hating the people of the penis , she 's picked up the habit of accusing every girl at austen house of hosting the opposite gender in our rooms at regular intervals .
isis ignores my plea and opens a drawer full of bright purple and blue stones that look like they 'd make a fine addition to any pool table .
a part of me wants to bring up the news of drake 's newest addition , but i do n't dare spare him the fun of broadcasting the announcement himself .
in addition to being taken by the counts and losing every region so far in the faction war , chloe has hijacked my boyfriend .
in addition to warning ships of false danger , i 'm pretty sure i 've managed to freeze the muscles of every living creature on the island .
`` trust me , you 'll be in need of far more than basic addition skills to navigate your way around the relational values you 've embroiled yourself in . ''
she 's thinner , obviously without child , but there 's something off about her in addition to that .
`` in addition to that , '' my voice shakes , `` and more importantly , '' god , my head would explode like a watermelon if i fell right now and with my rotten luck , dr. oliver would figure out a way to glue me back together-it so would n't be pretty .
`` in addition to one hundred hours of community service , i charge you a penalty fee of five hundred dollars .
she poured herself a mug with a splash of skim milk and went to her vitamins , taking the cocktail of supplements with the addition of two capsules of ibuprofen .
not to mention , with all of this , in addition to his clothes in her closet , his body in her bed , the rather luxurious roof over her head and opulent wardrobe he had provided her , he had made it abundantly clear she had his continued protection , his undivided attention and his profuse generosity .
the tip of skylar 's tongue was poking out of the side of his mouth as he concentrated on some addition and subtraction questions i 'd written on a piece of paper .
he winced at my voice with the addition of a curled lip to show his distaste , the latter of which i did n't like all that much .
jacanda , who had naturally taken over as leader of the girls after we lost teetru ( a surprise , i would have guessed gaal or maybe packa , but jacanda was really good at it , the girls took to her and settled very quickly ) , took quixa under her wing and was delighted with the addition .
the addition of stunning , sultry , stylish , sophisticated , smart abby was callous and even cruel , but cash did n't care .
`` kieran , get them the f**k out of here , '' cash repeated , his glance going back to the fireplace , his addition of the f-word boding bad tidings .
julia was also the chosen guardian of tamsin 's children and that , in addition to his regard for gavin , meant douglas had to find some way to make the situation work .
`` i 'm not insane , '' he assured her , his voice made even more effective by the addition of a teasing note .
considering she was just a meddling national trust volunteer who had very clumsily , not to mention with the addition of with unneeded mystery , instigated a meeting with him and an american woman who looked like the portrait of beatrice godwin , colin lost interest in her .
`` i 'll inform mrs. manning of the addition , '' he replied , though he sounded strangely pleased .
the three women he was currently accommodating were saved from his wrath that evening by the addition of a fourth .
and the specific instructions that would make sibyl and colin 's nightmare come true with the addition of mrs. byrne being targeted for `` neutralisation '' in this heinous plot were chilling .
this time it was hard , thorough , deep and long with the addition of being wet , hot and tasting deliciously of custard and sponge .
already working on stopping elizabeth in her tracks , so revenge motivation is an unnecessary addition to my plans .
between was the shingled roof of the main building-not a single flat surface , but one that sloped at different angles , reflecting the fact that the school had been built slowly , over centuries , and not every new addition perfectly matched the rest .
as the lunch rush began to die down , i hurried to the salad bar to do my `` side work , '' which meant this whole other job we each had to do in addition to waiting tables .
i sat at a table in the common area , as plain and impersonal as any hospital waiting room but with the addition of small round tables peppered with chairs .
in addition to being my roommate in san francisco , sophie is vlad 's partial guardian by proxy , and my very best friend .
with the addition of some thick swarovski bracelets studded with diamonds and opals , a matching choker , and a touch of chanel no .
tiffany brought a claire chase messenger bag in addition to her purse , tucking the strap over her shoulder before striding with her head held high to meet with the werewives inside .
he opened the door to the new addition and set darcy on her feet before reaching to switch on the lights .
in addition , sarah draws on power that has been untapped for years , thanks to her broken bloodline .
my gut clenched at the thought of what i was doing when sofia suddenly walked in on me - just another addition to the growing pile of issues i was contending with .
i suspected this old hotel , with its many additions , had many such forgotten rooms and staircases .
in addition to her wallet , some spearmint gum , a bottle of smartwater , and a bar of green and black 's organic dark , there was a shitload of ysl rouge pur couture lipstick .
thinking back to that craziness with adrian in the bathroom , he still had no idea what had happened-but in addition to getting his vision back , he was now hard , and he was more than willing-and , thanks to that guy , he appeared to be , after so long , able as well .
there were a number of new additions , however-three dust-free duffel bags were clustered around adrian 's feet .
from what wrath remembered , in addition to the guy 's great education and the quality of his thinking , he dressed in the fashion of a well-bred son of the glymera .
when benloise had given her the assignment , he 'd provided her with the make and model of the man 's suv , in addition to that address out on the hudson .
the shadow and his brother were the most recent additions to the brotherhood house , and as the owner and head chef of the ultra-old-school salvatore 's restaurant , iam had more than proved his chops with linguine-although that was not to say fritz approved of the guy getting out all those multi-gallon pots : as usual , the butler was hovering in the periphery , apoplectic that one of the household guests was doing any cooking .
if he gave up the stones and walked away , he 'd get what he wanted ... in addition , his friends would live .
`` in addition , '' the droid went on , `` for a very reasonable fee , encryption-locked safes are available in every room .
i did n't f ight her , too consumed with the newest addition to the ever-growing mountain of problems .
she set the blankets down on a dresser shoved in the corner , a new addition since milo 's arrival , and she jumped .
`` in addition , i ask that kate and eric be in charge of finding a suitable candidate for a more permanent role . ''
in addition to standard equipment like a flashlight , a compass , a pocketknife , a magnifying glass , a whistle , a mirror , and various snacks , seth had retained the gaseous potion from the hotel .
in addition , she probably has help from christopher vogel by now , and i would wager that she is still inhabiting tanu .
those had been carved elsewhere , then placed here when this room was built-a recent addition , to replace the tents that dueling preparation had once happened in .
`` that , in addition to trespassing in the prime 's palace , '' darkness said , reaching the door .
a payment made in addition to the sum initially charged , usually given voluntarily , and the top piece of something .
in addition , i believe that 'the tip ' means something in the slang of the soldiers , and so the man in the joke thought she was going to cut off his- '' `` yes , thank you , '' shallan said .
in addition , i assure you that i would not share magic candy with youngsters whom i had to coerce into accepting it .
in addition to her flame outs , summer had three doses of shock bits , eight moon rocks , six sticks of peak performance gum , and the extra sun stone .
although the floors , ceilings , and walls were natural stone , the addition of wooden walkways and steps made travel more convenient .
in addition to their regular rations , everyone but jasher and farfalee sampled part of the five-foot pit snake del had killed .
`` there was a larger office available in the glass addition , but i wanted to be accessible to my men . ''
in addition to every size and shape of knife and dagger , it holds razor-edged rondelles , used to kill from a distance .
in addition to gowns and finery , we have sent a small trunk of the tools and supplies your service to mortain will require .
`` in addition to the great fondness i bear your lady sister , is not beating the french at their own game enough ?
in addition to the night whispers and the newly sharpened knife , i arm myself with two other knives and a garrote bracelet as well as my lethal crucifix .
over beast 's loud protestations that he is fine , i warn duval that , in addition to having a fever , beast can not put any weight on his leg .
in addition to the men-at-arms and original charbonnerie , we have been joined by a dozen more of the charcoal-burners , two blacksmiths , a handful of woodcutters and crofters , and three burly farmers ' sons .
once i have placed the girl in sister serafina 's capable hands , i leave the infirmary to inform the abbess of our new addition .
but in addition to all that terror , one of my moments of greatest joy occurred in that room , and i can not help but wonder if that joy is in some way tied to the abbess 's decision to groom me as seeress .
in addition to the giant , the armored knight , and the lanky youth , there is an elegant , sharp-featured man whose face is tinged with the unmistakable arrogance of nobility .
surely you recognize that now , in addition to your crimes against the kingdom , you have committed crimes against mortain . ''
in addition to all the official reports , there was a fair amount of swooning and gossiping from the many fangroups that had sprouted in the wake of carswell thorne 's new celebrity status .
the thaumaturge had only bothered to have thorne tie his hands in front of him , but this girl had binds all down her legs , in addition to having her wrists fastened behind her and the gag over her mouth .
the addition of a new adjective combined with the bow slightly lower than usual made the hair prickle on the back of her neck .
`` of course you would have , in addition to showing him your many other fine qualities , '' she said , blushing as she set a reminder on the portscreen to go off four times a day .
i wished my parents had evaluated the social atmosphere at blackbriar in addition to the academics , but stuff like that did n't occur to them .
in addition to the cold , this strange creature also radiated a primordial dread that made my skin creep , trying to crawl all the way off my muscles and bones in horror that no amount of meds or therapy could fix .
the adult creatures did n't fit up here , but the beasts made a nice addition to the stewpot when they caught them .
they dropped their dishes in the galley , where a thin man glared at the addition to the washing-up pile .
on the surface , that seemed like a generous offer , but dred knew grigor had more space in addition to having the largest standing army in perdition .
in addition , there was something about the highers ' bite that caused people to forget they 'd been bit .
the idea that his second-in-command would have been to see shay without him was nearly unthinkable , until i recalled the obvious : in addition to being callum 's second , sora was also shay 's mother .
even with the addition of the six females in my pack who had been born human , there were fewer than two dozen female weres in the country .
if we were lucky , maybe in addition to putting out political fires , he 'd be able to tell us something about ghosts .
even with the addition of caroline , four was a small number to represent our pack , but devon was my second-in-command , and at the moment , he was bleeding power , anger , pain .
in addition to having superstrength , accelerated healing , awesome senses , and an extended life span , werewolves , i had recently discovered , were also pretty much immune to the horrors of poop .
... `` in addition to increasing your training regimen , i have four conditions for the permissions you seek . ''
in addition to the nurse , there were two men dressed in suits , and a woman with skin a shade darker and infinitely more flawless than my own .
i took a closer look at it and realized that in addition to hiding the listening device , she 'd also edited the slogan on the key chain .
because in addition to feeling daphne 's emotions , i 'd also gotten a glimpse of carson 's when i 'd fished the rose charm out from behind his desk yesterday .
in addition to going to school with all the mythological warrior kids , i also had to learn about their whole stupid history .
okay , so maybe i had several good reasons to be jumpy , in addition to the fact that i was standing here alone in the dark with logan quinn .
in addition to a variety of hyacinths and lotus trees , the courtyard featured a round fountain with marble nymphs that sprayed water up into the air in a continuous stream .
now , in addition to your regular gym class , you 're also going to be getting private lessons every day from your combat tutor to bring you up to speed on how to use your sword . ''
in addition to her psychic powers , grandma also had some mad baking skil s. i breathed in and could practical y taste the dark chocolate , rich brown sugar , and bittersweet almond flavoring she 'd already stirred into the batter .
in addition to going to classes and weapons training , i also had to work several hours a week at the library of antiquities as sort of an after-school job .
in addition to studying , the library was one of the main places on campus where students came to hang out and be seen .
in addition to being the best fighters at mythos , the spartans also had a reputation for being the most bloodthirsty .
in addition to being a valkyrie , daphne also had some major computer skil s. she was in the tech club at mythos , which was real y just an after-school group for al the budding hackers at the academy .
i noticed the guy was carrying a staff in addition to his backpack , while the girls both had scabbards that held swords .
in addition to their inherent warrior strengths and skills , all the kids at mythos also had other powers , bonus magic as it were , everything from enhanced senses to the ability to heal others to being able to call up storm clouds and control the weather .
in addition to their obvious beauty , each piece in apate 's jewelry collection is rumored to be imbued with the goddess 's deceptive power .
in addition to concerts , the aoide auditorium also hosted everything from musicals to sporting events .
because in addition to his lecture , i 'd probably have to listen to several more , including one from alexei .
in addition to being the god of beginnings and endings , janus is also associated with doors and gates .
in addition to my blue jeans , long-sleeved navy t-shirt , boots , and navy hooded fleece jacket , i 'd also had a couple of pocketknives on me , along with a silver watch that had a long spool of garrote wire coiled inside the back .
in addition to the repository , i 'd also paid a visit to the records room , grabbed my fake jane doe files , and destroyed those , as well as erased any mention of my stay here from the computer system .
in addition to being a stone elemental , i also had the rare gift of being able to control another element-ice , though my magic in that area was far weaker .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals like jo-jo could also infuse their magic into other products , like this ointment , and give them a little extra kick .
in addition to her skull collar and matching t-shirt , sophia deveraux sported black jeans and boots .
because in addition to being a petty thief , jake the half giant was also an elemental - someone who could control one of the four elements .
but mab monroe was the one who really ran the town , in addition to her own lucrative , mob-like empire .
in addition to forcing money and sexual freebies out of vampire hookers while he was on duty , ingles had viciously raped and beaten one of the prostitutes ' teenage daughters .
in addition to leaving me the pork pit in his last will and testament , fletcher lane had also bequeathed me his house - a three-story clapboard structure that had been built before the civil war .
various improvements and additions had been made to the house over the years , none of which matched .
in addition to being a stone elemental , i also had the rare talent of being able to manipulate another element - ice .
in addition to smoothing out wrinkles , air magic was also good for disintegrating things like flesh or sandblasting blood off a floor .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals like jo-jo could also infuse their magic in various products , like the ointment she 'd just handed me .
in addition to being a social butterfly , the dwarf was also a terrible flirt , just like finn was .
in addition to treating me like a sister , finnegan lane also had an annoying tendency to analyze my sex life - along with everyone else 's .
in addition to the stone of the mansion , i could also hear the whispers of the gemstones the men and women wore on their necks , wrists , fingers , and even toes .
in addition to the giant hat on his head , the dwarf also wore snakeskin boots and another lariat tie topped with turquoise .
in addition to being my best friend , finn was the son of my mentor , fletcher lane , the old man who 'd taken me in off the streets years ago .
in addition to ( mis ) handling other people 's money , finn was also something of an information trader .
in addition to using their magic to heal people , most air elementals had a bit of precognition as well .
in addition to being a successful businessman , owen grayson also had an elemental talent for metal .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals like jo-jo deveraux could also infuse their oxygen-rich magic into certain products to give them an extra kick , like antibiotic ointment .
in addition to leaving me the pork pit and a fat chunk of change in his last will and testament , the old man had also bequeathed me his house , a three-story , clapboard structure that had been built before the civil war .
in addition to its white boards , the house was a mishmash of gray stone , brown brick , and red clay .
since so many additions had been tacked on to the house over the years , the interior layout was a bit of a labyrinth .
`` and in addition to jonah mcallister , looks like mab brought two more bodyguards along with her . ''
in addition to his banking skills , he also had a network of anonymous spies and sources that any clandestine agency would be proud of .
given the many additions that had been slapped onto the house over the years , bits and pieces of stone ran throughout the entire structure , including the front door , which was composed of black granite so hard that even a giant would have a tough time punching his way through it .
in addition to absorbing elemental magic , the metal also had the added benefit of being tougher than kevlar .
in addition to putting blood vessels and broken bones back together , air magic was also great for tearing them apart-and sandblasting bloodstains , dna , and brain matter off doors , floors , walls , and wherever else it happened to spatter .
so many additions in so many different styles had been tacked on to the house over the years that the whole structure was something of a labyrinth .
in addition to healing with their hands , air elementals could also infuse their magic into certain products , like creams and ointments , and give them an extra kick .
in addition to using them as symbols of their magic and allegiances , elementals could also imbue runes with power and make them perform specific functions .
she was the head cook at the pit , in addition to her side job of getting rid of any bodies i left in my wake as the spider .
in addition to humans , dwarves , giants , and vampires , ashland also had a substantial elemental population .
my foster brother collected cars like some people did glass figurines , and this convertible was the newest addition to his prized fleet .
just about the only myth that was true when it came to vampires was that they all needed blood to live , in addition to more mundane food .
in addition to using runes to identify themselves and their interests , elementals could also imbue the symbols with magic , get that power to spark to life , and make the runes perform certain functions .
in addition to absorbing and storing magic , silverstone also had the added benefit of being tougher than kevlar .
jake had tried to rob the pork pit , in addition to wanting to rape and murder me , but i showed jake just what a fatal mistake he 'd made by taking me on - just as i was going to show dekes .
in addition to the elemental power that he stole from his victims , their blood also gave dekes something else , something that blood gave so many vamps - unbelievably fast reflexes .
in addition to being rather handy with guns , finn enjoyed making the occasional explosive in his spare time , and he 'd just used his expertise to blast open the front gate .
`` in addition to killing people , this assassin also happens to be exceptionally good at cleanup . ''
in addition to using them as their personal or business symbols , elementals could also imbue runes with their magic and get those symbols to flare to life and perform specific functions - like firebombing my restaurant and hopefully killing me in the process .
in addition to the delta queen , you also have riverboats in several other cities , including memphis and new orleans , and there are rumors you 're starting a new project down in blue marsh . ''
in addition to providing protection , giants were also very , very good at enforcing one person 's unpleasant will on another - and beating you until you got the bloody message .
in addition to his love of gourmet food , delov also fancied himself something of a hunter , and more than one poor animal 's head decorated the walls of his mansion .
in addition to the deep-fried macaroni , he was also scarfing down baked phyllo cups stuffed with creamy gourmet chicken-apple salad , pineapple boats piled high with a light , airy mixture of cream cheese and toasted slivered almonds , and mini fruit tarts topped with fresh blackberries , raspberries , and strawberries .
`` now , in addition to all those pretty little rings and watches you folks have on , my boys and i are also going to load up mab 's treasures in the rotunda to take with us .
in addition to the gun i 'd noticed earlier , the belt also contained an extra clip of ammo , a metal baton , a small bottle of pepper spray , and , most important , a walkie-talkie .
`` in addition to all those baubles on display in the rotunda , the fire elemental also had a vast personal fortune .
in addition to using them as their personal , familial , and business symbols , elementals could also imbue runes with magic and get them to perform specific functions .
`` because in addition to the one i stole from the bridge , i also found a bomb hidden underneath one of the moving trucks .
because in addition to killing clementine , rumors abounded that i 'd also gotten away with a chunk of the art and jewels she 'd been trying to steal .
the drawings were the same as always , but there were new additions on the mantel : two silverstone pendants , one snowflake and one ivy vine .
`` all of which i apologized profusely for , in addition to offering a discount for all of the worry , waiting , and trouble , so i think that i managed to salvage the deal . ''
in addition to my stone power , i was one of the rare elementals who was gifted in another one of the four main areas-ice , in my case-although that magic was far weaker than my stone power .
in addition to absorbing all forms of elemental magic , silverstone was great at stopping bullets , and the vest would help keep me safe from any blasts of magic or bursts of gunfire that vaughn might send my way .
in addition to the rest of my black clothes , i was also wearing thin black leather gloves , so i was n't worried about leaving behind any fingerprints or cutting myself on the fence as i carefully pulled the sliced edges away from one another .
in addition to all of the criminals in town , the old man also kept tabs on the inner workings of the police department , including who was moving up , who was on his or her way down , and who was getting pushed aside in terms of power , prestige , and position .
in addition to her pink sneakers , she was wearing pink shorts and a white t-shirt with a sparkly pink heart in the middle of it .
the house itself was also a bit like a maze , given all the additions that had been tacked onto it over the years .
in addition to helping me whenever the spider needed a bit of backup , finn also ostensibly worked as an investment banker , although shameless , greedy money launderer would have been a far more accurate description of his job .
while finn kept eating , i filled him in about my run-in with troy and his goons , in addition to catalina 's nice car and her even nicer address .
in addition to looking out for would-be assailants , i also spent a fair amount of time imagining exactly how they might murder me .
i 'd had my suspicions the second i 'd picked up her fork the first time she 'd come into the pork pit , although reading through benson 's ledger had confirmed many of my theories , in addition to finally giving me her full name .
as a result , kate was on medical leave , and the beast lord , who had actually ended up participating in the tournament with us , had sentenced himself and the rest of the involved shapeshifters to several weeks of hard labor building an addition to the pack 's citadel .
equipped with an enchanted water engine in addition to its gasoline one , the jeep managed to attain the speed of nearly forty miles per hour during the magic wave , which in itself was an enormous achievement of magic manipulation .
however , despite his many faults , and i would have to borrow saiman 's fingers and toes in addition to my own to count them all , curran did n't play favorites .
in addition , i believe the beast lord expressly forbade attendance and participation in the tournament to pack members . ''
`` then he sentenced the three of them and himself to eight weeks of hard labor , building the north wing addition to the keep , and dismissed them .
more yet divided and grew additions , and when the dust finally settled , a fifth of the inhabitants had vanished into the walls .
in addition to a vast array of odd tools and machines , there was a large collection of crystals and stones that he knew would fascinate sam .
`` whoever he is , in addition to being very , very good on a computer , he must have his finger on the pulse of what 's happening there in wilby , '' nick said .
in addition to the coppersmith family and friends , all of the local residents of the island had been invited to the ceremony and the reception .
in addition to possessing psychic talents of one kind or another , they were smart , resourceful and capable of thinking for themselves in the field .
in addition to the recent loss of its founder , nightshade was also reeling from the shock of jandj 's discovery and destruction of several clandestine formula labs .
there were two more sets of fresh tracks in addition to those left by the housekeeper and the woman who had come to see stone last night .
in addition his senses had to be close to exhausted after the way he had used them to take down sandy and ike .
in addition , there was no knowing if his mind would be strong enough to repair the damage done to his original talent .
in addition , maintaining a low profile was job one for any self-respecting conspiracy that wanted to survive .
they were still revolting enough to make me want to vomit , but in addition to being in the grayish colors of the past , they felt fainter , like i was watching a movie instead of experiencing them firsthand .
in addition to fabian and his equally transparent girlfriend floating above the room , bones 's best friend , spade , was here .
the second message was from her brother , nick , letting her know that he had just mailed the manuscript of the most recent addition to his successful suspense series to the editor .
in addition to the macabre rock formation , it boasted an intricate network of small caves in the cliffs that framed the tiny beach .
`` all i did was mention that i knew the institute 's selection committee had your name under consideration for a joint appointment and that you would make a wonderful addition to the faculty .
`` in addition to asking a lot of questions , he did a thorough search of kaitlin 's house and car that night .
`` the dahaka is likely to have magnetic disrupters in addition to armor , helmet , and an extremely thick skull . ''
if , and i repeat , if , gabe ever brought up the subject of marriage , i would want to know that i was more important to him than just another addition to his empire . ''
`` why go to all the trouble of starting up a business in a small town in addition to one in portland ?
in addition to the desk and its accompanying chair , the only other furnishings in the room were a recliner and a reading lamp .
`` and now you 've got to sort through all of this junk in addition to putting together a web site project and operating the bakery . ''
in addition to tourists , the inn drew a steady clientele from the institute and chamberlain college .
`` in addition to your picture of winston , i received a lot of pictures of horses and one or two cow portraits . ''
it occurred to her that , in addition to feeling pissed off , she also felt strong and decisive this morning .
the city could also look back at me , so i invested in pleated blinds in addition to two sets of curtains , one gauzy and white , the other thick opaque white .
he wanted a child with telepathic magic in addition to his own telekinetic powers , so after careful consideration , he found my mother .
in addition to spending a fortune on hairstylists in the past few months , she had also invested heavily in expensive , fashionable optical wear in an attempt to find a look .
`` in addition to freelancing for lawson , i 'm a business consultant , specifically a venture capitalist .
by the way , did i tell you that belvedere said that in addition to raising your salary , he 'll let you have a full-time assistant if you return immediately ? ''
`` in addition , it looks like a member of the professional staff signed in for the night shift on the night that belvedere died .
in addition , although he had listened closely , he had not heard her voice except through the phone .
in addition , she was very , very smart and she and lawson were both dedicated to the same kind of research .
in addition to his growing list of publications , he had recently exposed a fraudulent necklace that was supposed to have dated from the sixteenth century .
in addition , he could handle a sword , as he had proven the day he fought his way to safety after an assassination attempt in a church .
in addition , i 'm counting on this house , looking exactly as it did that night ail those years ago , to inspire some memories in the man . ''
the appearance of quarrel , with his mysterious ability , was too much to swallow in addition to this business of having to go back to the house on the cliffs .
in addition to the lack of caitlin 's past , i do n't like the fact that kincaid showed up in our lives last week , right after we got involved with evanger , who , we now discover , is planning to publicly humiliate him .
it might have been smarter to negotiate for a percentage of the treasure in addition to the consulting fee for the authentication report . ''
he began to detail a stone-by-stone examination of the west wing , and doug paid close attention to his description of how to differentiate original construction from later patches and additions .
in addition , the unrelenting pressures of the educational system back in rendezvous had ensured that there was very little time left to students for such frivolities as sexual experimentation .
`` in addition to your own personal feelings , you were being bombarded with a lot of what i was reeling .
`` in addition to the fact that it costs three times as much to ship that way , quench was n't sure it would really buy him any protection .
in addition the heavy atmosphere was overlaid with a distinctive , unpleasant odor that caused cidra to wrinkle her nose as she stepped inside .
if overcash had a birth name in addition to the one he 'd chosen , he had n't bothered to dispense it when he had been introduced to cidra .
in addition to the simple white garments , these ghosts appeared to have a golden band around their furred wrists .
in addition to focusing and concentration , she would need a certain amount of coordination , cidra supposed .
in addition to the hazy nightmares he saw fleeting images of her gentle touch , the cooling baths , and the soft warmth of her lap as she cradled his head .
in addition to creating those fascinating hallucinations you 're currently viewing , it makes you vulnerable to suggestion .
in addition to the art deco furnishings , there was a scattering of other antiques reflecting the history of jandj .
in addition , she had no problem with the concept of working for an investigation agency that specialized in the paranormal .
in addition to having the usual paranormal provenance , every single one of them should have been classified as weapons-grade artifacts according to the company guidelines . ''
`` well , as a matter of fact , in addition to managing the office , i 'm an investigator in the firm , '' isabella said .
`` so , in addition to the infighting , betrayals and backstabbings , we 'll be seeing some corporate espionage among the remaining circles . ''
she had no way of knowing how many more were out there in addition to the one she controlled , but she had to assume that there were other cells that possessed a version of the formula .
in addition , mundanes flocked across bessemer bridge on the weekends to visit the flea markets and artisanal goods stands set up along the water .
`` my point , counselor '' -her eyes were glued to harry- '' is in addition to the gun charge and evidence linking him to a murder , we have enough evidence here to link mr. bane to potion distribution . ''
but i had n't told anyone because in addition to lying about cooking dirty , i 'd also failed to report evidence that fingered my uncle abe as the mastermind of the entire scheme .
in addition to the concussion , her left wrist is sprained , and she has a couple of broken ribs , contusions all down the left side of her body , and a nasty case of whiplash . ''
they were n't usually strong potion cookers themselves , so in addition to money , they stole potions from coven stashes to sell for even more profit .
instead i zeroed in on the necklace , which , in addition to the token still bore the tiny vial baba had given me .
in addition , the catapult was bolted to the platform , which meant throwing it overboard to sink to the bottom of the lake was also impossible .
`` however , it has come to our attention that in addition to the authorized killing last evening , there was another , unauthorized one at the bar called sepulcher . ''
in addition , i 'd gotten myself banned from at least two clubs because the owners were worried the dominae might punish them for allowing me entrance .
in addition to giguhl 's helping me on the mission , i might be able to find someone in san francisco to help me send him back to irkalla .
in addition to the oddly pleasing scent of mischa 's death , i experienced the sweet taste of retribution on my tongue .
in addition to holding apartments for all the council members and other high-ranking mages , it was the seat of their government , with meeting rooms and offices throughout .
but in addition to the sandalwood , the sharp tang of turpentine and the oily aroma of paint scented the air .
the phone call tells me someone wanted the weres against you in addition to the vampires and possibly the mages .
in addition to the tension of the coming meeting , the fallout from the previous night 's debacle was also clearly in play .
`` in addition to investigating the situation , we have also been in negotiations with queen maeve 's special envoy , hawthorne banathsheh . ''
in addition to his role as professional pimp , tiny malone also owned a strip club called the fang bang .
in addition to his impressive size , fang 's scowl and full-sleeve tattoos of vampire pinup girls gave him a decidedly threatening air .
instead , i worried that in addition to starting a riot in fang 's club , i 'd also be responsible for his girls being harmed-an offense he would never forgive .
in addition to mourning those deaths , it had to be a major blow to orpheus 's pride to rely on the queen 's help and suffer her whims , especially since she obviously had no qualms about taking advantage of the mages ' weakened power structure .
in addition to lady liberty , a man in a tinfoil suit performed the robot to music blaring from a boom box near his feet .
in addition to being that one 's aunt '' - she nodded toward adam- `` i 'm the high priestess of the elder moon and spiritual advisor to the hekate council .
in addition , they- and a few others- believed i was a prophesied chosen who 'd stop the war and usher in a period of peace between the races .
luckily , in addition to the pints i 'd chugged at alodius 's shop , i 'd had the forethought to toss a couple extra in adam 's backpack , because otherwise i 'd have been useless for the rest of the day .
`` in addition , '' orpheus continued , `` the despina has graciously offered the assistance of her personal guard , alexis . ''
in addition to the masked gimp lying in the fetal position in the kennel in the corner , there was also a vampire male wearing a charming outfit that consisted of a pair of nipple clamps , some testicle weights , and a pained grimace .
in addition to protecting food from contamination and promoting fertility and freshening the breath , it was also an herb of protection .
in addition to being a voodoo priestess , she owned a voodoo store and apothecary in the french quarter .
i moved closer and noticed that in addition to the decidedly picassoesque composition , the image was composed of thousands of tiny dots .
goldie schwartz , in addition to being erron 's stylist , was also a sassy midget with a predilection for kinky sex .
in addition to being the man who invented murder , cain was also the psycho ex-boyfriend of the great mother .
in addition to the apartment she 'd shared with georgia , mac also rented rooms to a few drag queens employed by the club .
in addition to the disguises preventing us from recognizing enemies , it was difficult to hear anything .
that 's why , in addition to the crypt in the basement , there 's also a cemetery through there . ''
in addition to starting a riot among the vamp strippers , she 'd also made such a scene that the dominae 's guards found us .
in addition to leading the hekate council , orpheus had been the head of the pythian guards in the years before his death , but back then he would have just been a member of the special force that protected the council .
in addition to her skills as an oracle , she was an expert diplomat and powerful in several magical disciplines .
a quick assessment told me that in addition to the knee issue , i also had a broken finger , at least one black eye , several contusions on my jaw , and a broken nail .
`` it appears that in addition to working on your anger management issues , your cockiness , and your impatience , we 'll also need to address your total lack of respect . ''
in addition to a thickly muscled chest and the humongous biceps , the long blond hair , and the fallen-angel face , he also had wings made of flame .
`` in addition , you are banned from making deals with any of the dark race beings ruled by sabina on earth without her permission . ''
in addition to being the only male , michael was an exception on the cabinet because he was n't technically the leader of his entire race .
in addition to giguhl and valva , who 'd switched to some pretty impressive disco moves , queen maeve , nyx , slade , brooks , zen , and a dozen other powerful vampires , mages , weres , and fae danced their asses off .
isaac ran his hands through his hair and finished his preparations for the evening before leaving for sabrina 's house on time , despite the addition to his post-date plans .
luckily , erron had quickly proven himself to be a kick-ass mage and all-around stand-up guy in addition to his love of sex , drugs , and rock 'n ' roll .
sean in addition to being liam 's younger brother , was the shiftertown 's guardian , which meant he carried a big sword-tucked behind the seat-with which he dispatched the souls of dying shifters .
first , her flash made her desirable as a powerful addition to any family ; second , her magic hinted at the possibility of blueblood ancestry ; and third ... my granddaughter is lovely , as i 'm sure you have n't failed to notice . ''
the porch had been added on , diego saw , and he noticed that many houses on the street had similar additions .
the order 's telepathic secretary called everyone `` dear , '' including richter , a new addition to the atlanta chapter who was as psychotic as a knight of the order could get without being stripped of his knighthood .
his dad was the other owner , so in addition to helping with the bodies like i did , ryan also worked in the chapel and the office .
this latest addition to the sabon canon { or cannon } at least begins to acknowledge that most of her books feast off of the carcasses of other historians .
my sole addition to the text consisted of fleshing out one or two scenes where janice 's descriptive powers deserted her , but only in cases where i had been privy to the same information .
i 'd detested that one of the side effects of drinking the voodoo queen 's blood-in addition to becoming catnip for spirits-was the ability to strip ghosts of their free will , but that ability would come in handy in this situation .
i had no doubt that in addition to mesmerizing this promise out of them , bones would also manage to erase the records of our transactions with n.i.p.d .
our proximity to the river even had his shoulder-length hair blowing dramatically around his face , adding to the effect , but in addition to being trustworthy , spade also had a deep chivalrous streak .
in addition to the book , he had a satchel near the middle of the clearing , and i could imagine the various torture implements it must contain .
the backseat of our car is only a few feet away ... `` you know , in addition to your mind-reading abilities , i may have absorbed some sluttiness from your blood , '' i said , giving my head a little shake .
in addition to the stubble on his face , the laugh lines , and his hair being longer , his frame had also filled out to a stockier , more muscular physique .
while mencheres already knew and i did n't think kira was untrustworthy , i did n't know how many other undead ears were in this house in addition to gorgon .
now in addition to freaking people out once it became known that i could absorb vampire powers through feeding , marie made sure to have proof that i could do the same thing with ghouls .
`` in addition to knowing how to keep most ghosts from flocking to you , we might have had another spot of good luck .
in addition to mencheres , kira , vlad , spade , denise , ed , and scratch , we 'd picked up a few new additions in recent days .
or maybe gregor 's ego could n't stand the fact that soon , everyone would know bones had snatched my mother out from under him in addition to keeping his wife .
in addition to being able to mind-read anyone with a pulse , mencheres was also known for his visions .
in addition to patra 's ceaseless screaming-what were theydoing to her ? -there were the scrambling sounds of multiple people running up the stairs , new shouts , an eruption of gunfire , and several odd popping noises .
more lights were strewn around the exterior , and the gardens were filled with poinsettias in addition to their usual seasonal blossoms .
the idea that i might be having blackouts in addition to hallucinations soured my already bleak mood .
they looked like ancient southwestern pueblo houses , with the addition of leather flaps covering the doorways and windows to keep the heat in .
she pointed with a pen to the letters sr , written in her handwriting at the bottom of my additions .
the fact was , i was n't used to younger newcomers-our pack usually grew by other , older wolves finding us , not by the addition of savagely born newbies like jack .
she reappeared at the door , her wardrobe essentially unchanged but for the addition of crochet tights and green rubber boots .
two years ago , blue 's cousin orla had decided that a call-in psychic line would be a lucrative addition and , after some brief skirmishes with maura about public image , orla won .
`` because in addition to my questions , ms. winona wright here is one of the chief inspectors with the ashland health department , and she 's had some disturbing complaints about your restaurant . ''
in addition to cashing out the customers , she 'd also gone ahead and turned off the appliances , put the extra food away , and stacked the dirty dishes into plastic tubs .
in addition to the news crews , people were gathered two and three deep on the sidewalk across the street from the restaurant , their phones held out and up as they snapped photos and shot video .
in addition to keeping out of sight , i had also taken the extra but necessary precaution of wearing a disguise-a short blond wig , bright blue contacts , and clear glasses with silver frames .
other than the new addition of the birthing bed on the left , it was deceptively homey ... until you looked closer and saw that the whole room was sterile and cold , as i was now , with no personal items to be found , except maybe a book or two i had purchased to try to take my mind off ... not remembering , which was harder than you could imagine .
i know it 's hard for you to feel anything , but i promise you it will be a welcome addition to your former power-hungry vanity-filled world . ''
the house was a strange mix of mediterranean meets tudor with lots of gables and dark woodwork , with the addition of huge , airy windows .
we have been forced into an agreement at this time , but the terms she has already brought forth will stand , and in addition , you will hire ten of my wolves as your ... guards , '' he spat , `` and personally guarantee their safety .
in addition to the nineteen men and women , two dogs suspected of being `` familiars '' had also been executed .
all the appliances in the kitchen were recent additions , purchased a few months back when he had been thinking of selling the house and finding a new dwelling place .
in addition , he bought a set of silverware , figuring that she would soon tire of using cheap plastic utensils .
in addition to the living room and kitchen , there was also a small guestroom , a bathroom , and a large linen closet on the first floor .
in addition to buying things for the wedding and the wedding night , cara and brenna shopped for christmas presents for their husbands .
in addition to wide silver bracelets , silver crosses , and dangling silver earrings , they both wore designer jeans , brightly colored silk blouses , comfortable sneakers , and fake flowers in their hair .
in addition to their usual colorful skirts and sneakers , they wore lab coats , rubber gloves and hospital masks .
in addition to that , she hoped to include him in a book she was thinking of writing about famous magicians , past and present , magicians like houdini , david copperfield , and criss angel .
in addition to driving a stake through their hearts , vampires could be dispatched by severing the head from the body and burying the parts of the creature in separate graves .
in addition to the living room , the main floor housed a roomy kitchen with black appliances , a high , round oak table and four chairs , and shuttered windows .
since they had stopped at the store earlier , there were several sacks of groceries in addition to their luggage .
in addition to what he took for experimental purposes , edna and pearl had fed from the man a few times , as had janis .
`` i know , but with a bit of recalculating , and the addition of a few new ingredients , i think it might be effective . ''
though it was a large house , there were only four rooms in addition to the front room : two good-sized bedrooms-one furnished , one not-with a full bath between , and a spacious kitchen that had no appliances and had obviously never been used .
in addition to salmon and lobster and all the trimmings , there was a beautiful cake and a champagne fountain , as well as several bottles of red wine .
in addition to inheriting my grandfather 's position , i was also the leader of the new york contingent of the society .
i groaned , annoyed to see that in addition to jared sitting behind my desk , owen , levi 's advisor , was also camped out in my office .
if the police seriously believed that jason had killed gran in addition to the other women , then the world was such a bad and chancy place that i wanted no part of it .
in addition to the whiny little girl , there were two older kids , a boy and a girl , and like true siblings they fought like cats and dogs .
in addition to a narrow daybed , there was a bookshelf crammed full with boxes and books , and i promised myself i 'd go through that tomorrow .
the armor itself , black and lusterless , was very much like a rather tailored baseball catcher 's outfit : a chest guard , thigh protectors , and shin guards , with the addition of thick leather braces that strapped around the forearms .
hopefully , if the were had never shown signs of insanity or violence , these people would be willing to accept that shape-changing was an unthreatening addition to their knowledge of the world .
in addition to dermot 's resemblance to jason , which is only a quirk of genes , dermot is an ass**le like jason .
jerry -- who actually possessed a legal new jersey driver 's license in addition to his fake one from new york state that made him officially eighteen and therefore old enough to buy booze -- had his own car .
i did , telling them that i 'd also met some of the new additions to the long tooth pack , including basim and annabelle .
in addition to that , the team that had set fire to the barn was n't answering their radios anymore , and the men who came in through the western breach in the fence were talking about the ground shaking and water twisting up into frozen walls , blocking their escape .
and the addition of those twelve warlord princes serving under cassie 's hand meant their fighting weight was equal or better to anything theran could send against them .
that recent renovation was a very large thorn in mrs. beale 's side , and he had the feeling that the negotiations required before she accepted that addition had just begun .
if she had n't been in such a hurry , she 'd have taken the time to appreciate the new addition to her gifts .
`` in addition to watching over this project , i 'm in charge of tracking any anomalies in our al iance .
`` she 'll make a good addition if varsity lets her join , but that would require varsity pulling their heads out of their butts .
`` in addition to the charmfall or charmfail or whatever , '' jill said , `` a reaper was draining a human out in the open in the middle of downtown chicago .
`` and , in addition to being awesome , '' scout continued , `` we also have a lead on who might have something to do with the blackout .
she will make an undeniably important addition to the house , and we all know how ... delicate our alliances are . ''
at the motion of his hand , i took my place as the twelfth addition to cadogan house , standing directly in front of amber .
well , in addition to the six of us , we liaise with the daylight guards , the folks who stay at the gate .
i grabbed a couple of reference books , a worn , leather-bound book of fairy tales i 'd had since childhood , and the most important recent addition to my collection , the canon of the north american houses , desk reference .
i was about to reach for two glasses when i realized that , in addition to the apparent philosophical differences , he might ingest differently , too .
`` would it be too much for me to ask that in addition to having this evidence , you have a sly plan to nail this little ass**le ? ''
so , in addition to the other reasons he wo n't be happy to see me , he may not be thrilled to see me with you . ''
i 'd known catcher was amazing with a sword , and i 'd known sorcerers - in addition to bending the universe to their wills - could throw balls of what looked like magical fire .
i walked with purpose , my heart still rent by grief , but at least now the emotion was clean , without the confusing additions of anger and hatred .
there were three unofficial ombuddies , as i liked to cal them , in addition to my grandfather : catcher ; computer wizard jeff christopher ; and the admin , marjorie .
in addition to malik and luc , seven men and women stood in the foyer in an inverted v , with darius west , head of the greenwich presidium , directly in the middle .
`` no , in addition to the rest of the stuff he 's working on , he 's beginning to get calls from detective jacobs about supernatural issues . ''
in addition to the patience-melting stop-and-go of chicago 's traffic , we debated the possibilities that awaited us at the house-and i interrogated jonah just as ethan had requested .
in addition to darius , there were five remaining members of the gp : dierks , danica , edmund , lakshmi , and diego .
`` in addition to securing darius , '' ethan said , `` we 'll want to look for the papers that might have been in that portfolio .
maybe it had been a later addition , an afterthought to make the enormous , marble-floored penthouse even more desirable to the people who preferred their marble-floored penthouses with terraces .
`` as we all know , in addition to the rigorous and dangerous testing practices , there is one more small wrinkle .
emilio is a new addition to the diner 's staff ( any other time i might 've said family , but i would rather get poked repeatedly with a sharp object than call that guy family ) , and he has to be the hardest person to get along with i 've ever met .
he had a sitting room on the right , then his exercise and massage rooms , and finally an expansive bathroom with a deep soaking tub in addition to a walk-in shower .
in addition , the nature of the auction , as well as the horrible acts going on in that room , made her future clear .
in addition to the sudden swell of grief , she also sensed that he was working hard to recover from daniel 's most recent assault .
when she 'd initially arrived two days earlier , rumy had given her a few basic garments in addition to the clothes she 'd had on .
in addition , he had some sway with copass , since at least a third of the members were addicted to dying blood .
in addition , lines of torches were everywhere , guarded and kept lit by teen ascenders all wearing matching bright orange t-shirts and jeans .
in previous years , before the addition of the current state-of-the-art security system , death vamps had been known to fold inside the facility and take the lives of dozens of militia warriors , often before anyone even knew what was happening .
in addition , endelle had set up a second location in north africa two , also cloaked beneath a mossy dome of mist .
he would n't have minded displaying his oh-so-worthy arousal except that in addition to being aroused beyond comprehension , he 'd stopped craving the woman currently sharing his bed .
in addition , he could feel that his obsidian flame power was meant to serve as a sort of new anchor , but not for one woman this time .
in addition , he had a cut that dripped blood onto the hardwood floor near his black battle sandals .
in addition , havily still made a starbucks run to mortal earth for the warriors of the blood every morning .
greaves has been building an army of death vampires throughout the world by turning high administrators and in addition making one of their tasks the creation of more death vampires through the taking of dying blood . ''
in addition to that , rith cloaked every facial expression , every tell his body might provide as to a clue to the bastard 's mind .
though medichi 's home had the best possible covering of mist , in addition to copass 's protection under the law of second society , he felt a profound need to be near havily right now , to keep his guard up , to watch the skies .
in addition , each act that passed by included a light show executed mostly from the ground but occasionally with floating robotics .
he 'd just gotten off the phone with thorne , who informed him that marcus intended to serve in the field with the warriors two nights a week , in addition to taking on the duties of high administrator of desert southwest two .
`` in addition to the death vamp 's signature , there are two strong grid signatures nearby as well . ''
at the same time that he touched down , the space began to fill with his highly trained and experienced troll brigade , who 'd fought the invictus wraith-pairs for decades now , making use of long spears in addition to battle frequency streams .
in addition to his feelings of excitement about their child and their potential relationship , he had an uncomfortable fear working at the back of his brain .
in addition to neck injury , victim was cut seventeen times in the chest , abdomen , and genital area , most wounds 12 inch in width , with a significant amount of depth .
her lawyer had confirmed that beau had in fact owned her house and that he had upward of twenty million in liquid assets in addition to almost fifty million in properties .
in addition to feeding me , the old people provided me with clothing ; my own had n't been very good in the first place , and had become badly worn during the course of my journey .
in addition to our own labors , we frequently traveled to the lands of our allies to see what progress they were making .
in addition to the malloreans , torak 's army also included murgos , nadraks and thulls , and those were the units that were bearing the brunt of the algar attacks .
like all cavalry units the world over , the algars carried short bows in addition to their lances and sabers .
the addition of the boisterous , red-haired wildantor turned our little reunion into an extended party , and i was enjoying myself immensely .
the cottage had been there for eons , of course , but the barns and sheds were durnik 's additions , and they gave the place the appearance of a sendarian farmstead .
in addition to the tithes i received from my vassals , there were extensive estates which i owned outright , and killane advised me that about a quarter of the entire duchy was exclusively mine .
chamdar 's got access to a lot of gold , so he can hire spies in addition to the dagashi who 're probably standing at every crossroads from val alom to sthiss tor .
they found the emperor in the blue-draped sitting-room on the second floor , and in addition to baroness melidere , emban and oscagne , three of his wives , elysoun , gahennas , and liatris were also present .
'they are many , sir kalten , but four - in addition to zalasta and ogerajin - are most significant .
'in addition to cyzada , zalasta and ogerajin have allied themselves with ptaga of jura , ynak of lydros , and djarian of samar , ' xanetia continued .
vanion 's small atan detachments were streaming into the staging areas along the atan border from all over tamuli , and tikume had promised several thousand eastern peloi in addition to the three hundred bowmen kring had taken with him back to atana .
the addition of the peloi had greatly increased the amount of stores that had to be carefully depleted each 'night ' , and danae made her father help her dispose of the excess .
chapter 15 the addition of a dozen female atans added to the subterfuge of a courtly gathering on the hilltop , although it was difficult to persuade the atan girls that their faces would not break if they smiled or that the gods had issued no commandment against laughing .
'now , ' he went on , 'in addition to a cherek fleet in the sea of the east , we 're prepared to line the northern and western borders of goska and the northwestern border of araga with algar cavalry and drasnian pikemen .
because it was winter , she wore in addition a sable coat which would have cost a fortune in tol honeth .
in addition , he is a scholar of some note and hath recently turned his attention to the study of geography .
his sudden acquiescence seemed wildly out of character , given his angry protests at the additions of velvet and sadi to their party .
in addition , general varana was present as the representative of emperor ran borune xxiii of tolnedra , and sadi , chief eunuch of the palace of queen salmissra of nyissa , was also in attendance.the burial of an alorn king was a serious matter , and it involved certain ceremonies at which only the other alorn monarchs were present .
ehlana 's attendants , appropriately , were , in addition to sephrenia and mirtai , the kings of western eosia and , oddly enough , platime , stragen and talen .
flute took outrageous advantage of the fact that as danae she already knew stragen , platime and mirtai in addition to her mother .
the descendants of sparhawk have always been gifted men , and in addition to their pandion training , they have also received special instruction in statecraft and diplomacy , the better to prepare them for their hereditary task .
the knights of the four orders all received training far beyond that given ordinary warriors ; in addition , they were given instruction in the secrets of styricum . '
the addition of a sharp metal point was a recent development that had appeared during the trogite invasion , and that in turn had led to the extension of the trogite shield .
the addition of the balcony surrounding the miniaturized replica of the probable battlefield gave them the ability to see the entirety of the region in much greater detail than narasan had ever previously encountered .
rabbit noticed that the village had more than doubled in size since he 'd last been there , but most of the additions appeared to be temporary .
`` your grace , '' brendig said delicately , `` in addition to my duties in one of the king 's own regiments , i also have the honor to hold a baronetcy .
she swallowed heavily and braced herself as she finally focused upon the new addition to the group .
i was selfish and i was fascinating to her , and she thought that i would make a fine addition to her race .
it was easy to tell what had been the original house , and what the newest additions to the massive tree structure were .
we had a new addition to our team and he 'd come along to learn the ropes , so to speak , '' sam explained .
in addition , there are horror stories that go along with this technology , like security break-ins being accomplished by cutting out a person 's eyeball and holding it up to a retinal scanner ... '' javier wiggled his eyebrows to look evil .
with the addition of three deadly silver swords , the lycans fell back , trying to drag their wounded with them .
in addition to looking into the past theft , philip flew to boston and stood beside her as she followed her gift tracking the painting around the city .
in addition to that , everyone knows what might happen if you and empusa can not control your power when you are together .
he made it difficult to remember that he had a very dangerous side in addition to his charming one .
it had also taken away my superhuman speed and the ability to read minds , in addition to every other magical ability that i once possessed .
in addition to attacks from beyond our borders , there were even worries of being attacked on the roads by thieves and vagrants .
when he saw me , his expression relaxed and i saw that in addition to worry , he seemed sad as well .
max with a vis would certainly be a welcome addition to their team when it came to closing the midiverse portal and retrieving the other rings of jubai .
in addition , she had an excuse that made it impossible for victoria to decline her request that she ride in the carriage .
in addition , sitting in the back of the room would give her a better view of the entire chamber and perhaps an opportunity to determine whether there was indeed a demon present .
the addition of this venator into my most secret ranks will be instrumental to our success , particularly with the power i will obtain tonight from akvan 's obelisk . ''
this would make max 's task easier , for the items brought from india , including the book , would stand out as new additions to the room , and would likely be in a chamber that was obviously in use .
now in addition to worrying about my friends being attacked , i was panicking that i was going to break my neck by falling off the back of a horse .
wyatt had begun to think the fellow might be a sociopath , in addition to having the curse of being a bloodsucker .
`` guess that means in addition to the shoplifting charges , your client is about to be booked with assault , breaking and entering , and vandalism .
and so was that taken 's next changed human , and the next and the next ... . new vampires discovered that in addition to the perk of living forever , they had a not-so-nice voice whispering in their heads .
arm in arm with her brother , gabe-the other new addition to the pack-she entered the kitchen ... and his jaw almost hit the floor .
she 's a great girl and she 's a good addition to the pack , and i do n't like the idea of her anywhere alone .
in addition , both her body and her wolf helplessly reacted to the power that was practically buzzing around him ; he wore authority like a second skin .
in addition to that , as a creature with the most basic instincts , her wolf wanted to investigate some of the male scents and also hiss at some of the female scents .
in addition to his claiming bite and the one he 'd given her to cover roscoe 's , there was a bite on her nape , there were claw marks on her back , his handprints on her ass , another bite on the very visible part of her neck , and claw marks on her hips where he 'd held her .
in addition to those marks that trey had left while they consummated the claiming , there were those that he had made during the second , third and fourth rounds that followed through the night .
on the fourth floor where trey , dante and the enforcers slept was - in addition to a laundry room - a pool room , a game room , an office , the huge amazing kitchen and a large living area .
in addition to being my mate , jared michaels was my co-commander ... and he did n't look happy , which was totally understandable given the circumstances .
so , in addition to having a brail-like tattoo where a wedding ring might have been , i now also had an extra sense ; it was solely focused on jared , allowing me to know things such as his vitals , his thirst level , and his mood .
in addition to having the svente manageable bloodlust , i also had the hypnotic allure of a keja , and the strength of a pagori .
in addition , people might once again be wary of me if the prelature ruled that i was n't fit enough to lead my squad and that i exploited them .
in addition to sebastian and three guards were too dark-haired females , but that was where the similarities ended for the two women .
in addition , quentin is quite aware that evan was tainted , so he will get quite a shock when he realises evan is alive and well .
in addition , there were the high masters and their vampires ... and they were all helping us destroy covington 's vampires .
maybe , in addition to being a devious manipulator , she was a silly little mare who was curious to know what it would feel like to have my fist crashing into her face .
oh and the butlers in the buff who had served the snacks and nsts ... they 'd certainly been a nice addition .
in addition , a lot of vampires have deadly gifts and these will just as effectively kill us as they would a human .
or i could try writing it off as a result of my stomach being so tanked before i fell asleep - i 'd swallowed a decent amount of his blood in addition to some nsts .
the lr in boeing 777-200lr stood for long range , and as a c-market model with a top range exceeding 9,000 nautical miles ( nearly 11,000 u.s. ) and a fuel capacity of up to 200,000 liters ( more than 50,000 gallons ) , the aircraft had , in addition to the traditional fuel tanks inside the wing bodies , three auxiliary tanks in the rear cargo hold-thus the need for a safe chop-out area .
i included a small addition to my instructions , asking the green to block any noise we made from reaching outside the bubble .
`` the changeling tony has been a very welcome addition to our ranks and has proven himself to have a sharp mind when it comes to developing strategy and considering various battle scenarios .
he began speaking in his deep , rumbling voice , `` you say that we will have what we need to defeat the dark fae with the addition of two hundred more fae ? ''
so , in addition to this natural sense of superiority , the fae have needs that can , or in some cases must , be met by the humans .
drake and drew had full sets , in addition to the claw crown tattooed at the base of their left thumbs .
nissa had gotten the name by looking , in addition to other information on her trek back from digging clay .
garde was king jayd 's brother and prime minister on kifirin , in addition to being one of queen lissa 's inner circle mates .
that way , the child would have some of lissa 's genes , in addition to his or any other of lissa 's mates who chose to pursue that option .
she then proceeded to destroy the solar red temple somehow , in addition to all its priests , and then hauled torture victims to a hospital for medical care .
not even good enough to train in the military , although jenderlin had read all the historical accounts of battles won and lost and had studied strategy , in addition to his other lessons .
she can seize the casino and distribute proceeds to injured parties , in addition to forcing the owners off le-ath veronis .
he also called somebody and told them where the three bodies would be on tykl , in addition to asking them to investigate the entire mess there at headquarters .
lifting thirty agents into my mist , in addition to norian and lendill , i went flying over the tops of buildings in what was referred to as the meadows near mazareal 's capital city .
it was enough that they 'd committed treason against the crown , in addition to murdering other vampires .
chapter 4 it was late spring in farus , and the thunderstorm that came through drenched everything in addition to making the footpath between tents look like a river as night fell .
* * * in addition to my blades , i now had a knife clipped to the back waistband of my leather pants-connegar had sent a note wrapped around the knife .
general , i know why your king sent you-he has need of funds and looks to the lands belonging to green birth to provide those funds for him , in addition to handing out parcels of land and favors to his aristocracy .
reemagar shielded the addition from prying eyes and the hotel looked as it always did to anyone who might cast their gaze toward the seventeenth floor .
in addition to reemagar 's shields around us , i put up some of my own and thurlow did as well ; i felt his powerful shields vibrating against mine when i set them .
we had guests , i learned , the moment we walked in-griffin , amara , kiarra , adam , merrill , kyler and flavio were all there , in addition to my bunch .
the metal point had gone clean through and was sticking out on the other side , making it difficult to move my right arm , in addition to hurting like hell .
grant had a cubicle just outside my large , private study and started making sense out of all the paper that was piling up , in addition to pointing me toward the important electronic messages i was now getting from the reth alliance .
kiarra was mated to both adam and merrill , in addition to pheligar the larentii , who as yet had n't made an appearance .
winkler knew at least one of the vampire agents was coming , in addition to a werewolf agent he 'd met once before-james renfro .
and he now has several medical degrees and does charity work in that field , in addition to being a healer for the saa thalarr . ''
susila was often at the palace and looking for something she might do in addition to sitting on the city council .
curious now , in addition to still being shaken ( i had n't dreamed of my mother in years ) , i walked out of my bedroom and then down the stairs leading to the first floor .
bill had called out the national guard , in addition to anybody else available , including all four branches of the military .
in addition to the women posing suggestively in doorways , we walked past several rooms with closed doors .
according to him , she was self-serving in the extreme , in addition to being beautiful with thick , platinum blonde hair and a fair complexion .
`` and if bartholomew is correct , she can turn to mist and use mindspeech , in addition to being immune to compulsion . ''
rene realized that he would have to present his newest turn with an accelerated course ; tony was n't slow or stupid and was learning everything quite rapidly , in addition to watching all the news programs concerning world events .
the boards on the addition were painted a sunny yellow on the outside , a harsh contrast to the smell of death inside .
`` in addition to it being hard to do a turn , the candidate must be of good character and death must be imminent .
their momentum had carried them past me initially , but they were fresh and i was n't , in addition to being injured .
he was his father 's second and had fought off three challenges against his father so far , in addition to helping select others take packs away from legitimate packmasters .
i probably had twelve hundred euros in my purse when i left the house , in addition to my credit card .
brock explained during the drive that it was a diamond black and not just black in color , in addition to giving me information about the engine and other car parts i did n't recognize .
you took someone who was n't a viable candidate according to the laws , and a female in addition to that .
he would certainly have to play the part and modify his speech and accent if he were to present himself to winkler as an addition to his stable of bodyguards .
perhaps it would have been therapeutic to take out my frustrations on a nameless , faceless enemy , but now , in addition to keeping my eyes and ears open for an attack from serge and ed , terrorists or organized crime wanted to come calling .
i knew the scents of every one of those council members , in addition to which ones had voted for and against me .
maybe , just maybe , the blade could 've overcome this fault if the addition of higginbottom 's usage of power had not occurred .
the inn was a sprawling three-story structure of pale stone , the biggest that sansa had ever seen , but even so , it had accommodations for less than a third of the king 's party , which had swollen to more than four hundred with the addition of her father 's household and the freeriders who had joined them on the road .
our domain shall include all the stark lands north of the neck , and in addition the lands watered by the river trident and its vassal streams , bounded by the golden tooth to the west and the mountains of the moon in the east . ''
in addition to being well born , young ser balon was valiant , courtly , and skilled at arms ; good with a lance , better with a morningstar , superb with the bow .
`` at present , we have four prisoners on the first level and one on the second , in addition to your lordship 's brother . ''
a swift death was not in keeping with the magnitude of the professor 's crime , which included considerable insult in addition to personal injury .
clearly , the professor , in addition to being a thief , was a philistine who could n't tell the difference between an original and a copy .
in addition , they had the temerity to march into the prince 's city , offer his illustrations to the uffizi , ( while claiming them to be copies ) , and make a spectacle of themselves .
the prince was about to follow them when he noticed a new addition to the room , near where the emersons had been kissing .
in addition , the police found your knapsack next to his body , making you a person of interest . ''
the coatrack was a new addition to the foyer , one that had caused a fair amount of contention between the march siblings .
it was bigger than the capital building , even with its additions , taking up more city blocks than justin could see .
in addition to making him feel like he was made of that spun-sugar stuff that kids ate at the anchorage summer market , it had also distorted his vision so that everything around him was edged in color .
in addition to my down coat , i also had on a turtleneck , sweater , jeans , tights , knee-high boots , gloves , scarf , and knit hat .
the only change was that in addition to the wind that had been constantly blowing , snow now began falling as well .
`` he says that in addition to finding the talismans ' location , you should also consider that they will have some sort of magical protection on them .
in addition to helping us blend in , new clothes might also throw off any wights who 'd been tracking us .
levana did n't want to bother with glamouring her dress today in addition to her face , not with so many other thoughts in her head .
virko was carrying her in addition to his full , allocated load , and as for emylion , two or three soldiers had wordlessly taken up some of his gear so that he could manage mik , who , though not large , was n't the weightless petal zuze was .
it resembled a roman centurion 's helmet , with the addition of an overlong nasal guard-a narrow strip of silver that projected from the visor all the way to his chin , effectively bisecting his face .
if the others were variously `` monstrous , '' he was the most `` demonic '' or `` devilish '' : mostly humanoid , with the addition of long black horns and cloven hooves , and bat wings stretched out on the ground on either side of him , at least a dozen feet in span , their edges curling up against the sides of the tent .
in addition to other karou-related favors esther had performed for brimstone over the years-enrolling her in schools , faking identity documents for her , etcetera-she 'd been instrumental in setting up her many bank accounts , and surely knew karou 's net worth better than karou did herself .
in addition to swords , they even leveled at him the same vile weapons that they had surprised him with on that bloody day .
in addition , though she and liraz and akiva had kept this news contained among themselves for now , there was the question of ziri .
when i take in the people surrounding us , i notice that in addition to those who are here just to see me , there are others .
he told me she was referring me to a psychiatrist who could prescribe some antidepressants because dr. peddicott believed i was severely depressed and recommended i get involved with something other than tv and music , in addition to seeing a shrink and taking anti-crazy drugs .
the decor of the window had been augmented sometime since by the addition of a large jar of colored water , in which floated something vaguely humanoid .
`` so-the main provisions of the settlement are as follows : mr. fraser agrees to pay to miss mackenzie the sum of five hundred pounds in compensation for distress , inconvenience , and the loss of his conjugal services '' -jamie snorted slightly at this , but ned affected not to hear him , continuing his synopsis- '' and in addition , agrees to maintain her household at the rate of one hundred pounds per annum , until such time as the aforesaid miss mackenzie may marry again , at which time such payment shall cease .
`` however , the island of hispaniola is not a coral atoll but is basically volcanic in origin-with the addition of crystalline schists , fossiliferous sedimentary deposits of a considerable antiquity , and widespread deposits of limestone .
as he leaned back to allow mr. bodley to tuck the napkin under his chin , though , he noted a new addition to the room 's decoration .
i called on dr. fentiman in cross creek on our way , and was able to buy several necessary instruments and a few medicines from him to refurbish my kit ( this at the cost of a bottle of whisky and of being forced to admire the latest addition to his ghastly collection of pickled curiosities-no , you do n't want to know ; you really do n't .
in addition to bread and lemon squash , he saw , it held several apples , a large chunk of cheese , and a packet of chocolate biscuits .
as for yours ... in addition to captain stebbings , there is a cargo aboard the teal in which ye may have an interest , as well-six cases of rifles . ''
but in addition to these small local meetings , there were larger bodies , the quarterly and yearly meetings , at which weighty matters of principle were discussed and actions affecting quakers in general were decided upon .
we ate that night at daniel morgan 's fire , and the company-filled with chicken stew-raised cups of beer and hooted to toast the addition of a new member to their elite corps .
the letter was a draft-she could see that at once from the crossings-out , the marginal additions , words circled with question marks .
one or two had the rudiments of a uniform , but most of them were dressed in homespun , though with the addition of the bizarre `` liberty '' caps , tight-knitted woolen affairs that fitted over the head and ears , which through john 's watering eye gave the men the bluntly menacing aspect of animated bombshells .
i detected the basic male animal , very appetizing in itself , but he seemed to have acquired a rather unusual-though savory-bouquet in addition : a faint whiff of sausage , the strong bitter scent of cabbage , and ... yes , mustard , underlaid with something oddly spicy .
a wise choice , as it turned out : in addition to their pay and the odd damaged cask of salt fish or biscuit , being on the docks all day allowed them first-and cheapest-choice from the fishermen coming in with their catch .
we were making our way-slowly-up to the house site , carrying several bags of nails , a very expensive small saw , and a plane that jamie had brought back in addition to the deer .
in addition to the postcard she had sent from the beach , she had sent two letters from college , and a white sweatshirt with a fierce-looking bear on the front , explaining in the attached note that it was her school 's mascot .
liza had the feeling that the words were shouting at her , an impression only furthered by the addition of several enormous arrows pointing the way .
he could hardly look at her , ever , without noticing her additions , which seemed to point at the world like an accusation .
in addition to the disappearance of four local high school children earlier this year , four more have gone missing since friday , an alarming number when compared to the rate of abduction in southmoore during the slayer 's reign .
in addition to being curious just like everyone else , i was also a little concerned about my belongings .
i could at least console myself with knowing that i now had a hand-picked team and , once again , we were assembled in the back room , boosted by the addition of john pitcairn , a more formidable proposition for either of our two opponents .
in addition to lateen sails , she was square-rigged , european-style , on the mainmast and mizzenmast ; and there was an oar deck below the cannon , thirty oars to a side .
it would be early still , but he 'd ring the bell until she awoke in her apartment above it , and he hoped she 'd be pleased to see him-or at least , the new addition to her library .
those diamonds he 'd taken from the slave traders had come in very handy , a welcome addition to the campaign fund .
ezio was pleased to see that the herald clearly thought he 'd made an important and wealthy new addition to his flock .
in addition to the exchange of medical information , transports will start twice a day , water going one way , food going the other , the mayor providing additional vehicles along with the answer 's carts , as well as soldiers for protection to make the exchange .
looking down , i can see now that , in addition to the source , it is the two of the clearing who were here before , the noisy man with the darker skin- and the knife 's one in particular .
on each call to new orleans he left his fertile wife with the seed of a new addition to the family .
glass noticed that in addition to the missing eye , the scot was missing a significant portion from the tip of his nose .
in addition to the animals , the courtyard held a large machine for pressing pelts , an anvil on a cottonwood stump , and a teetering pile of firewood .
in addition he had trampled on the constitution , sanctioned scorched earth warfare , and in actuality left blacks worse off .
in addition virginia would escape the campaigning that had wasted countryside from the potomac to the rappahannock .
in addition to a wealth of contour lines the map displayed foliage , road , building , fence and steam in exquisite detail .
during their stay at camp david she read a half dozen biographies on the man , in addition to relentlessly picking prices brain .
louella rose at the head of the table and announced that they were honored to welcome the latest female addition to the hollywood press , miss kathleen massey from the hollywood reporter , whose new column , hollywood window , would begin next week .
it was the french gown of silk brocade with gold and silk embroidery that she had chosen , with the addition of engageantes , or flounced cuffs of triple-layered needlepoint lace .
the two had got on rather well during the bishops stay in florence , so cossa had invited ottaviani to rome , considering him a useful addition to the council .
the market had grown over the last couple of years and in addition to the market , she had three boutiques in savannah selling them .
in addition to this , a knowledgeable president was about to leave the white house , and a new inexperienced one was about to take over .
a nice hallway wooden floor will be a nice touch and with a white ceiling and some quality wood products ; its going to be a permanent addition .
in addition to his new love life and teaching barbara how to fly baby huey , he was hard at work in downtown manhattan , getting the years work up-to-date before he left for north carolina .
the air vent was an addition , and a round , metal air tube went through the wall into the other room .
in addition to two old c-130 transporters , we could have another dozen propeller aircraft operational within a few weeks .
if i had come upon them in the midst of a discreet copse somewhere , at either hellwick or merriweather , i would , like bladud and his leprous swine , think them a most desirable addition to the property , and would not hesitate to repair to them with regularity ; no , it is not the baths , but their accoutrementsthe ungainly dress , the awkwardness of ascending and descending , even with assistanceand the attendants themselves , who despite their solemn countenances , must surely be forced to retire hastily on occasion , in order not to break forth into unseemly gusts of mirth at the spectacle presented by some of their floundering charges .
more romantically , i wondered if a rich young suitor might be found to play the role of white knight to miss barrs maiden in distress , for in addition to the notable comeliness of her face , she was clearly intelligent -- her ignorance of debretts notwithstanding -- and had been educated beyond the common lot of young ladies , though without being in the least blue .
in addition , i have been able to read a number of lyrical ballads without a violent headache coming on , though this was small comfort , as i was forced into this unprofitable activity , from having no missive from miss parry to engage my attention , and solicit a replyand only one page from miss barr .
in addition to the weekly monetary contribution , i want you to keep your eyes off miss frances norwood .
if i tell you the secret , you have to let me go to the cricket tomorrow and , in addition , i get no homework .
it was only when jamie and robert had joined the family that a two story addition had been constructed at the back of the house to be used as the kitchen and the room above as a bedchamber .
as a member of a graduate community ; in addition to his undergraduate studies of humane letters in latin and greek , edward was expected to attend graduate lectures in theology and mathematics .
once in the air , julia leaned back against the small pack she was carrying , in addition to the parachute strapped in front .
in addition , it has been determined using chemical analysis that both the paper and the ink used to write the poem are consistent with paper and ink used in the mid-seventeenth century .
in addition , it appears to me that the second verse is just telling the discerning reader that there are major clues hidden in the next seven stanzas .
in keeping with this requirement , officials at christies report that the document will soon go on public display at the galileo museum of florence , where many of galileos scientific instruments , in addition to his finger , can be found today .
in addition , the interested reader will find further information and photos related to the events chronicled in this book at the author 's website : http : //www.dallenhenry.com/ .
in addition , james hutchinson still owed , according to a collection bill pinned to the door , three thousand , five hundred pounds .
even with the lean-to addition her father had so skillfully added off the kitchen , her house was not much larger than the brick cook house that stood in agathas backyard .
it couldnt have been a new addition to tartarus , the sprawling prison for the damned just beneath the underworld .
then , in addition to these concealed or public , secret or open wars , there were robbers , mendicants , huguenots , wolves , and scoundrels , who made war upon everybody .
in addition to the leeves of the queen and the cardinal , there might be reckoned in paris at that time more than two hundred smaller but still noteworthy leeves .
d'artagnyn added m. de treville to the others , as may be perceived ; but she thought this addition would do no harm .
in addition to this , d'artagnyn possessed that invincible stock of resolution which the counsels of her mother had implanted in her heart : 'endure nothing from anyone but the queen , the cardinal , and madame de treville . '
'we should only be three , one of whom is wounded , with the addition of a girl , ' resumed athys ; 'and yet it will not be the less said we were four women . '
in addition to the sword thrust in her arm , which is not dangerous , she has received another right through her lungs , of which the doctor says bad things . '
in addition to the sword , there was a portrait representing a noblewoman of the time of henrietta iii , dressed with the greatest elegance , and who wore the order of the holy ghost ; and this portrait had certain resemblances of lines with athys , certain family likenesses which indicated that this great noble , a knight of the order of the queen , was her ancestor .
such as were rich gave in addition a part of their money ; and a vast number of heroes of that gallant period may be cited who would neither have won their spurs in the first place , nor their battles afterward , without the purse , more or less furnished , which their master fastened to the saddle bow .
the young man continued to advance ; and in addition to the lightness of his step , which had betrayed him , he emitted a little cough which denoted a sweet voice .
by day they did nothing but ascend and descend the steps which led to the chapel ; at night , in addition to complines and matins , they were further obliged to leap twenty times out of their beds and prostrate themselves on the floor of their cells .
your captivity shall be mild , be assured ; and as every inconvenience deserves its indemnification , here is , in addition to the price of the studs , an order for a thousand pistoles , to make you forget the annoyance i cause you . '
in fact , in addition to that yellow , sickly paleness which indicates the insinuation of the bile in the blood , and which might , besides , be accidental , d'artagnyn remarked something perfidiously significant in the play of the wrinkled features of her countenance .
in addition to this she perceived that the top of a wardrobe and the marble of a commode were covered with empty bottles .
athys , whose acquaintance i made about that period , and porthys , who had in addition to my lessons taught me some effective tricks of fence , prevailed upon me to solicit the uniform of a musketeer .
she had been known , in the circle of the musketeers , to win in one night three thousand pistoles ; to lose them even to the gold-embroidered belt for gala days , win all this again with the addition of a hundred louis , without her beautiful eyebrow being heightened or lowered half a line , without her hands losing their pearly hue , without her conversation , which was cheerful that evening , ceasing to be calm and agreeable .
in addition to this , after a half hour 's conversation d'artagnyn was convinced that milord was her compatriot ; he spoke french with an elegance and a purity that left no doubt on that head .
besides , in addition to the pioneers , there are four soldiers and a brigadier , armed with muskets . '
'take one step more , ' said i , 'and in addition to my dishonor , you shall have my death to reproach yourself with . '
in addition , the presence of four groups deflected a lot of the conflict that took place in areas where there were only jews and a majority group .
in addition , ethnic polish institutions enjoyed state backing while jews had to create their own community institutions .
in addition , of course , they had no experience in anything to do with military activities and owned no guns or ammunition .
the uncle asked vlodia to join the police , but vlodia who had many jewish friendshe spoke german , yiddish , and even some hebrew in addition to polish ; had no desire to work with the nazis .
and in addition there were acts not part of berlins explicit plan : ceaseless extortion both by german officials and the police for gold and silver , diamonds and furs , gold and anything else of value .
in addition , these soldiers were from a punishment unit , meaning either the soldiers were physically unfit to fight or they were not politically reliable men , perhaps pre-war social democrats .
and when coupled with this clamber upwards , the addition of a patina of leftism and universalism allowed such jews to have their snobbery while feeling virtuous at the same time .
so the courtier who had helped him decided to have revenge , and he went to arangbar and told him about a certain beautiful rajput girl who would make an excellent addition to the zenana .
preview of duty : a retelling of waterloo - in addition to writing fiction , seeley is a napoleonic historian .
in addition to the walks and chats , we took advantage of other benefits of our hideaway , namely the fencing .
there was a short addition on his sons khanship , and while they were there , inserts of backdated or cosmetic titles ( his father yesugei gets to be yesugei khan , although no such thing ) .
claret , cold , mulled , or buttered , was to be the beverage for the whole company , and in addition to the cow above mentioned , chickens , bacon and bread were the only admitted viands .
it appeared that in addition to the misdemeanour with which i had been acquainted , a case of felony was set down to be heard against me .
in addition he had sent one george smith with subpoenas to all three men , and having done that , all agreed that there was nothing further to be done in the matter of the witnesses , and that there should be no difficulty in getting further postponements pending their arrival if necessary .
in addition to his hosts dillon and barton , there were mccarthys whose ancestor dennis came over fifty years or so before and who ran the biggest irish trading establishment in bordeaux , maccarthy frres .
unknown to anyone outside the british secret service until after his death twenty years later , macnally was a traitor to the united irishmens cause and at the time was receiving from the government secret funds an annual salary of 300 worth perhaps 200,000 or $ 300,000 today , in addition to his legal fees .
but they had failed to do that : in recent time - poverty prevailed on many people , in addition to the general decrease of gods believers in the country .
ahead of it were seated already five persons : one of them was mathan , and at his two sides a priest of god , a priest of baal , in addition to himeself- a captain from the army .
a day after she returned from samaria to beth-el , she harnessed her female donkey , or ass , putting on it the ornamented saddle , that she had received from jezebel , in addition to the nice jewellery .
in addition to the fact that now they have their scribes , who dont need to copy the scripts so accurately as in my country , judea .
she was making love nonstop with four joyful guys , in addition to the one in her streaptese sex show .
mrs warboys was not a bad person and she was prepared to be patient , so for a while amy was given tasks about the house , light cleaning and needlework , but eventually her lack of earnings , which had been high , began to tell and in addition she was occupying that room , which was needed for another , more lucrative employee .
in addition to interminable hours listening to chattering , winding stories which became the western settler saga , she served most capably as our editor-in-chief , researcher-in-chief , good-idea-person-in-chief and , critically , encourager-in-chief .
in addition to his indo-european inheritance , the classical `` cloud-gatherer '' also derives certain iconographic traits from the cultures of the ancient near east , such as the scepter .
in addition to being the divinity of contracts , mithra is also a judicial figure , an all-seeing protector of truth , and the guardian of cattle , the harvest and of the waters .
in addition , patras has been a christian center since the early days of christianity , and it is the city where st. andrew was crucified .
in addition to its standard function as a marketplace , a forum was a gathering place of great social significance , and often the scene of diverse activities , including political discussions and debates , rendezvous , meetings , et cetera .
in addition , they served as tax collectors for the republic ( and later the roman empire ) , bidding on contracts for the collection of various types of taxes .
and hang the bastards ! in addition to the large support rally that materialized , unbeknownst to jared and the others , the morning after they were captured , will bolster his case for bail reduction .
although the priest had been quite insistent that it was haunted , it looked innocent enough especially with the addition of a computer .
'now for some more news , jess and i have been discussing some new additions for the hotel , like a centre for complimentary healing , seminars and courses in the paranormal . '
moreau brought blueberries and corn , both important additions to a diet that had been almost exclusively meat for the past months .
there were lots of questions for jean , and some additions about cops elsewhere on campus , and questions about classes and exams .
in addition , once the houses were completed and landscaped , the man made part of the structures would blend in with the environment and would be hardly noticeable except for access roads .
in addition , the projected selling price of nearly two million dollars per house gave extra leverage from projected tax dollars the county would receive from the development plus additional property taxes would be generated from an anticipated across the board property values increase resulting from an increased demand in new conventional houses as more people learned about cactus county .
sam realized people putting the rockpile estate project together needed a place to work , in addition to space for temporary job-shop help and julie , serving as all around secretary , motivated rita to rent office space with necessary furniture to accommodate everyone .
they are imposed to prevent further sub-division of each lot , prevent modifications to the existing structure or addition of structures having a negative impact on the environment , plus a few minor don'ts ' imposed by the county . ''
in addition rita was basking in being top gun at rockpile estates , although she was seldom arbitrary in her decision ; she enjoyed knowing and having complete control that made the difference .
in addition , there is a list of operatives and their contacts , a chain of command that traces back to myself and mr. davitt .
in addition to those who admitted under oath that they lied to us when we did question them , mr. forrest said .
from the start , there had been a general murmur of discontent over the addition of hynes , ingham and mills to the prosecutors team , as if a gang of paid assassins had come to wring vengeance out of innocent necks .
he spoke of his father , beggared with the cost of defending his son , in addition to the financial burden of caring for dans wife and children .
the chance discovery of abandoned goods when he worked a warehouse in santa fe , leading to a frenetic day of selling with his employers permission and sizable additions to his own modest cash pile , had been such a detail .
reining in at katherines , he paused before dismounting , noticing an addition to the bunkhouse that escaped his attention prior , wondering when step had chosen to move on a notion discussed several seasons earlier .
in addition to interminable hours listening to chattering , winding stories which became the western settler saga , she served most capably as our editor-in-chief , researcher-in-chief , good-idea-person-in-chief and , critically , encourager-in-chief .
were his gifts of her own suite and maid as well as luxurious gowns in addition to the royal education all in preparation for theormi to become a queen and accompany him in his aerie ?
as he began moving toward the open back door , the words of an old hymn he had learned as a child came to mind , and he began humming the tune , softly , to himself , holding the shotgun at his hip , he limped to the head of the short flight of stairs leading down into the back yard as the first of the natives reached him the end about the author : adrian scott has been writing short stories for a number of years , in addition to studying at university and taking care of media coverage and public relations for various charity organizations .
in addition to the monetary concessions , the treaty also put to rest a dispute over whether the border between texas and mexico was at the nueces river ( mexican claim ) , or the rio grande ( u.s. claim ) .
in addition , he got twenty extra heifers that he hadnt been counting on ; then there was the free and clear sturdy bull that from the looks of him would do justice to any mans cattle ranching endeavor .
alasdair was warned that luss intended perfidy so in addition to his hundred he had his brother iain dubh stationed with a further hundred men more than three miles away beyond the boundary of the luss estate .
the hanoverian duke william of atholl , the patron , supported him and paid a regular stipend in addition to the produce of his farm .
in addition , we would greatly appreciate a contribution from your wealthy friends of the virginia tobacco trade .
in addition they were to harry general blakeney and his garrison in stirling castle , although they were not strong enough to maintain a regular siege .
in addition , mackinnon had arrived with nearly a hundred who were also billeted on the householders of doune .
in addition , there are unpublished estate papers and government records from which more information may yet come to light .
clint , like most sailors , was a respectable carpenter , sail maker , cooper , and linesman in addition to his skills as a tanner .
in addition to transportation , california natives , whose primary protein staple had been the acorn , developed a dependence on the horse as a food source .
in addition to many other sources , the author is particularly indebted to the following writings : arnold chief rojas , 1897-1988 , whose many books on california vaquero are not only informative but a joy to read .
in addition to his speed , hack could also pick his way across boggy moss lands where alex couldnt see the trail .
the water was pouring in over the entire length of the ferry in addition to the prow each time it plowed into a trough .
in addition to her fetlocks , the hard fall had also broken the horses neck , and she lay dead on her side in the middle of the trail .
in addition , i might be able to pass along some information from time to time that may be of interest to the british army regarding the civilian and military situations in the philadelphia militia and elsewhere .
in addition , the watchword , or password , was the fort 's our own , which also helped the men identify each other .
in addition to being hobbies wife , nelly was well renowned as a practitioner of the dark arts all along the border .
in addition , two of the rivers described in the bible as flowing out of eden , the tigris and euphrates , have their source in eastern anatolia .
im happy enough to obey her , but there are still so many animals leftin addition to the ones that arrived yesterday , japheth has been trapping all week .
but my stomach is sloshing around inside me as though its being tugged in threeno , fourdirections at once , and i realize that in addition to the sideways lurching , the floor is rocking forward and backward a bit .
kenaans supposed to be feeding and cleaning up after the flesh-eaters in addition to helping the men , and occasionally i see him meandering through the cages , tossing bits of meat through the bars .
he had taken leave for a while to get some more timber to close in the underpinning of the house , which would only need a coat of paint in addition .
in addition to writing , she has a nursing career , and both she and her husband are volunteer firefighters in the town they reside in .
but we dont understand why he says hes from toronto : in addition to a ridiculously precious name , austin possesses the most irritating deep-bush australian accent to ever rattle down the throat of a man .
phidias said , in addition , if we force our opponents to take the negative stance , then they are arguing against those laws and statutes , this should be an easy debate .
in addition , philip is the most powerful monarch in the greek world and may someday be lord of all greece .
in addition to the best trained and equipped army in the world , alexander inherited lands directly governed or allied to macedon from the adriatic to the bosporus , and from the tip of greece to the danube .
in addition , she gave him his darker nature , which could lead to bloodthirsty slaughter and torture .
in addition to the colors from fort chambly , the defenders at saint johns are our captives , and are even now interned at ticonderoga .
he found himself impressed that in but a handful of days the troupe had made excellent additions to the scene .
as for you , my dear , she said drawing back and meeting shellys gaze , why do we not find things to make a house for your bee in addition to the bed ?
in addition , there had arisen an understanding among the party that he was courting her quite seriously even though his heart was in no manner centered upon her .
as fer the offer , ill not see it refused fer ill wager that it means a hefty addition to our purse and that must satisfy us all .
she ventured quickly upon the stage and joined him addressing the audience , you must forgive the latest addition to our troupe .
having pushed for the addition of a governess , a miserable start to the arrangement would have made altea look bad .
in addition to thals punishing grip , the magical pain in the healed bite wounds returned to rainer .
mileko rigidly endured the proposal and resigned himself to the delay and the addition of three more fugitives .
in addition to the lack of decoration , the walls changed from trendy browns and sages to pastel green .
in addition to his trendy , well-kept exterior , michael had the warmest , brightest , and most sincere smile , tatum had ever seen .
the reports from the week before were still waiting for her attention , in addition to the new reports for the outpatient from the day prior .
in addition , nichiren is sternly warning his beloved disciple , and implanting within shijo kingo the awareness that he is also at the mercy of the law of cause and effect .
but they were both painfully aware of maggies presence downstairs , on the straw mattress in the alcove by the fireplace that she had made private through the addition of some drapes fashioned from one of samuels ruined shirts .
in addition to the union executive who she knew from the wives meeting there was the young lad buster , whod got his leg trapped in the runaway cage , and his best mate leonard .
the catfish they pulled out of the river was a welcome addition to the mostly venison and squirrel that had been their meat staple the past few years .
in addition to the ranch house , there was a barn , cook shack , bunkhouse , and a few outbuildings and corrals .
by the end of the week , on the day before the addition or removal of money from the safe , walter had managed to increase the amount of funds that the bank was in error of holding by an exact number .
in addition , the shoulder seam of her dress was split open at the top , green thread poking out in awkward directions .
in addition , he stopped the merchants from gouging his men and fixed the price of bread at a penny per loaf .
in addition , we can use them as leverage to get back some of our christian nobles still being held captive along with the true cross and other important holy relics .
in addition to the sailors , i want a contingent of poitevins and templarsabout eighty should do nicelyon those ships .
you look pretty tired yourself , richard remarked as anne knelt before her trunk , placing some last minute additions inside its now nearly filled main compartment .
in addition , she loves all things historical , her job , gets excited about teaching shakespeare , is addicted to chocolate , married , has kids , an english mastiff , and loves to learn .
in addition to being violent , jake could be anything from a drunken dissipate or a dangerous villain .
in addition , the interested reader will find further information about the events chronicled in this book at the author 's website : http : //www.dallenhenry.com/ .
thank you for bringing gray wolf and his crew to this island , they will make a great addition to our island family .
the ranch house was one of the larger ones in the area because of several additions that had been made over the years .
in addition to his job of freeing holley and taking blackie back , he vowed to himself that these four men would not get away .
later on all the men would be in smaller groups and scattered out , and in addition they would also be out of the well-guarded valley , so it would be easier to get away with a prisoner once he had him .
in addition , there was an unexpected bonus when containers of oil exploded , setting fire to a number of tents .
breakfast is about as bad a cup of paltry coffee , with the addition of one spoonful of molasses , stirred in .
in addition to the information just provided , catherine offered another bit of caution she tells luke to be especially careful of bears .
in addition to his comfortable salary of two hundred dollars per month from the town , he also had considerable income from this saloon , which he owned , and from some ambiguous ties with a couple of packing companies which bought the cattle herds coming up out of texas to be shipped out from the city 's railheads .
just in the ten or fifteen seconds it took us to come into the room we heard people describing a new sewage treatment plant in town , an addition to the grade school , and a new record for cold .
with a new few room additions and a second story floor to call home , it was time for erica perhaps , to move in at my ranch .
one consolation was that she still greatly enjoyed her work in the haberdashery and she knew that in petronellas eyes she was a godsend as in addition to working hard in the shop meg also gave of her best to old mrs martin .
as yet there were still no signs of any addition to their family except for a very bad- tempered canary rejoicing in the name pretty boy .
but ewan had been happily employed in the restaurant for over five years and although the pay wasnt tremendous he had a steady pay-packet and in addition he brought home generous helpings of stale pies and odds and ends of food left over at the end of the day which would not keep for the next .
i put on an army shirt and khaki trousers and the addition of a red cross armlet made me a very convincing french medical orderly .
this was a sortie in broad daylight right under the enemy 's nose and in addition just to make myself more conspicuous i had gisselle with me .
maybe it was the addition of the modern amenities , or maybe the idea that she was the reincarnation of jamess wife was nonsense .
in addition to these two major undertakings , he had planted and tended a thriving one-acre garden patch so his family would have plenty of food to eat when they arrived and enough to preserve for the winter .
the four of them had spent most of the day in the woods , and in addition to the three deer carcasses that now hung from a tree limb in the camp , they also had a dozen rabbits and perhaps twice that many squirrels .
in addition to the group tyson was joining , two other wagon trains were also being assembled in the area .
and in addition to that uncertainty , there was also the inherent risk that was constantly present for any missourian who dared penetrate this deep into abolitionist territory .
the place seemed to be well defended , and jason guessed that brown must have gathered other supporters in addition to his own family in preparation for the expected attack .
yet for three centuries we always found that in addition to our differences , we had one similarity our desire to also be canadians .
they constructed numerous buildings ; mostly of brick and stone in addition to eighty-six log houses .
in addition to mr. hoolihans sudden disappearance , she had reported on meetings of the international order of odd fellows , german-american society , swedish club , freemasons , knights of columbus , norwegian association , and christian temperance union , all of which had planned to march in the parade , which she dutifully mentioned .
in addition , miss friend told of her harrowing just in the nick of time escape from the recent rebellion in china .
in addition she had set aside two hours each day just after lunch to go and spend with mathew , to get him to tell her about all his ideas , even his most crazy ones , until she understood both his concerns and whether he had ideas that could be useful .
budsby noted that this theatrical addition to what had been a fairly straightforward presentation began to make a small but significant improvement in interest and therefore takings .
royalty opens all doors , continued walsingham , especially with the exotic addition of colour and beauty , and rasa certainly has those elements .
but tarquin wanted a pitched battle fought the old way , and it was difficult to bring him round to servius ' ideas ; a new kind of battle , an addition to the usual armour , a more complicated plan . )
in addition to weapons and shield and armour and extra shoes , each man carried a torch and a coil of rope .
in addition , there are the armies of elmet , which might come again and attack us one day , from the west .
in addition , since she had found men seldom stayed sitting , annie provided a few carefully placed objects d'art for them to look at while roaming around the room .
kathleen continued , `` even in the posh neighborhoods in the western addition past van ness , you ca n't always sleep safe at night .
market was even busier than sansome had been ; in addition to the pedestrian traffic , several heavily laden wagons lumbered up from the docks , and numerous carriages swept by smartly .
in addition , we would be interested if you have any information that might indicate the recent state of mind of the former parlor maid , miss nellie flannigan . ''
in addition , the day 's work was less frustrating than the ironing had been , and this improved her mood considerably .
at first impression , annie thought there must be at least fifty of them , but later she figured out that there were only six , in addition to the chief detective and his sergeant .
in addition to some of the dialects he mentioned , i have sometimes made use of the broadest , most flap-jawed southern patois of all , as found in the writings of sut lovingood ( george washington harris ) , a contemporary and inspiration to mark twain .
in addition , most of the miracles portrayed here are based on historical accounts they actually happened .
little wonder that in an election year , this should be such a hotbed of politics , what with the mayor elected by the native american party , the democrats split between hunkers and barn burners , in addition to the whigs , abolitionists and catholics all laboring to elect clay or polk or someone else .
in addition to some of the dialects he mentioned , i have sometimes made use of the broadest , most flap-jawed southern patois of all , as found in the writings of sut lovingood ( george washington harris ) , a contemporary and inspiration to mark twain .
in addition , most of the miracles portrayed here are based on historical accounts they actually happened .
joseph chose the following men as his potential future cabinet : secretary of state : orson hyde secretary of the treasury : john neff secretary of war : james arlington bennett attorney general : orson spencer secretary of the navy : george c. anderson ambassador to england : wilford woodruff in addition , jonathan browning was appointed pro tem chief of the bureau of ordinance , to oversee the national arsenals at harpers ferry , charleston , norfolk , and elsewhere .
rousing the armies of the west to march upon syria with gusto anew would have to come first and in addition the mamluks position had to be taken into account too ; they had had enough of western influence and so would rise against the new invasion .
in addition , there was de floyrans promise , the gift he would bestow upon him ; the power of the very thing he sought to destroy .
in addition , de floyran had relied on the poison to do its worst and had not pierced any vital organs .
in addition , he would have to burn two at a time for they would have to be securely bound together in order to prevent them from changing forms .
in addition , other advisors such as de plaisians and philippe de marigny , archbishop of sens , seemed also to have risen in status with philip , while he , cripple that he was , was sent on pointless errands .
i did not know in fact how very bad i looked , for in addition i still had blood on my forehead and several bruises .
in addition to the city watch , the government has interested itself in this matter , and a few of my worthy gentlemen are out looking for him .
the exchange wasnt as easy or favorable to the welsh ; in addition to losing their native rulers , they were now subject to norman law .
he didnt like this latest addition to the earls entourage , who had shown up on the doorstep a fortnight ago with a dramatic tale of being unceremoniously cast out of the bastards service .
this ordeal might have been worse , he told himself ruefully ; this might have been the day before , and it would be rain running down his head and shoulders , not sunlight , in addition to the other indignities of being bootless , defenseless and trussed up .
the first year of their marriage her husband spent most of his time in his office at home and at the shipyard , overseeing the addition of a second ship .
nettie knew because her girls had sewn every single pair with the addition of two more singer sewing machines , also donated by mrs. pinckney .
in addition , each man wore a black chainmail shirt , the mesh so fine and light , it seemed more a vest than armor .
during his years of service to the order of saint john , in addition to being a sergeant-at-arms , urs had been apprenticed to one of the orders weapons-makers .
in addition to strong continuing interests in a wide variety of areas of statistical philosophy , techniques and application , tukey was active in improving the access of the scientist to scientific literature , particularly through the development of citation and permutation indices to the literature of statistics and probability .
his sister was born in december and having a new addition to the family had been an exciting curiosity for his five year old self .
grace had tossed a plastic tarp over them and the children did not notice the new addition under all the winter coats and behind the shoe rack .
could stood and then squatted down an arms length away and said , we are preparing for the nineteen-hundred census , and expect with our latest addition here to be awarded the contract .
trapped here , with the smell of the death and decomposing flesh and the addition of the smell of my own unwashed body , is almost unbearable .
in addition to the magazine of fantasy science fiction , barron 's work has been featured in sci fiction , inferno : new tales of terror and the supernatural , lovecraft unbound ! , black wings : new tales of lovecraftian horror , and the del rey book of science fiction and fantasy .
catch hell - laird barron : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i 'm 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i 've 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you 've 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might 've 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric-a-brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc-devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half-star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well-oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white-gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression-era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip-ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap-less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary-the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan-a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire-house 1 ting 's 1 reaping-time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age-blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c-note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security-he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self-styled 1 likelihood 1 property-tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell-o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day-glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare-breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well-beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self-loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw-the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper-thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell-mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under-standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears-this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism-all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha-ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders-a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old-fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places-some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money-let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn-style 1 motives 1 would 've 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but-the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community-no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we 've 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked-and 1 semi-articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep-drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen-larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos-usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life-aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good-sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to-day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him-his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's-head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come-hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis-ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand-katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off-campus-friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter-mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so-called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold-black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards-the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must 've 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close-ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden-paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly-there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot-the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock-roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations-wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter-spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post-college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act-the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner-she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes-is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half-timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo-was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half-assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late-night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high-voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double-paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock-ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank-eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi-lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become-a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i 'm 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you 've 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i 've 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would 've 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might 've 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'mon 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could 've 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray-white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone-white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive-compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we 've 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half-dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must 've 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should 've 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety-six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 id 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned-down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half-formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen-hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut-in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard-line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half-expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led-brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait-wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late-shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip-lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill-conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x-rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide-eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two-thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key-mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute-as-buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major-domo 1 competitors 1 euro-trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half-century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western-style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety-five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty-year-old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty-minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross-eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard-copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club-hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry-on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd-class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long-lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers-on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half-crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin-diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once-tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open-collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half-crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone-weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red-faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold-hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english-speaking 1 pen 1 state-of-the-art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray-haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half-shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government-issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow-figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low-flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high-powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve-hundred-dollar 1 rebuked 1 space-age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed-circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so-called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose-lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish-tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well-cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit-faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten-gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid-note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet-sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen-mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can-do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe-lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two-bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late-night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three-hundred-dollar 1 get-together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty-night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper-sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long-ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business-class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue-haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee-doodle 1 mildred 1 run-down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor-to-ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin-shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip-hip-hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell-dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine-tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty-odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well-off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair-raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high-tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot-binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee-heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive-aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain-smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare-chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm-hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka-dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex-fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what 've 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high-functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes-men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty-feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still-life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul-killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better-dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti-colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half-dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower-print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter-skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull-necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big-game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half-folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they 've 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand-tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard-looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half-melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm-up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy-blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two-piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty-seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal-dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well-groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would-be 1 all-consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm-hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better-connected 1 ill-advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good-old-boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow-eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy-eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white-water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half-magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
strappado - laird barron : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 strappado 394 the 278 and 192 a 190 of 114 to 110 his 104 in 91 he 69 was 52 kenshi 48 with 41 from 40 at 39 it 38 on 37 swayne 35 for 34 him 33 were 32 had 30 their 28 that 27 as 24 them 22 an 21 they 20 by 20 or 19 into 18 said 18 one 18 been 15 you 15 he 'd 15 this 15 all 14 no 13 her 13 like 13 there 12 van 12 man 12 up 12 black 12 kenshi 's 12 through 11 what 11 but 11 over 11 i 11 guzman 10 after 10 if 10 be 10 so 10 made 10 hotel 10 walther 10 iblis 10 out 9 hendrika 9 she 9 much 9 another 9 red 9 thought 9 did n't 9 when 9 door 9 around 8 white 8 would 8 rashid 8 few 8 off 8 about 8 face 8 not 7 near 7 more 7 such 7 men 7 three 7 then 7 yet 7 day 7 wore 7 fedor 6 who 6 plastic 6 its 6 group 6 back 6 andersen 6 went 6 your 6 left 6 music 6 american 6 world 6 is 6 old 6 open 6 blue 6 himself 6 which 6 these 5 even 5 job 5 go 5 away 5 came 5 do n't 5 new 5 again 5 only 5 none 5 air 5 too 5 edge 5 until 5 down 5 several 5 water 5 each 5 blond 5 ever 5 friend 5 cigarette 5 once 5 enough 5 noted 4 everyone 4 local 4 show 4 i 'm 4 could 4 hair 4 later 4 turn 4 under 4 smiled 4 narrow 4 would 've 4 regarding 4 come 4 next 4 company 4 some 4 guests 4 know 4 stood 4 lamps 4 got 4 began 4 viking 4 returned 4 lay 4 bit 4 bar 4 although 4 indian 4 during 4 darkness 4 breathed 4 caught 4 eyes 4 art 4 gathered 4 might 4 two 4 let 4 will 4 monastery 4 suit 4 blood 4 between 4 tour 4 laughed 4 called 4 found 4 while 4 floor 4 barrels 4 she 'd 4 along 4 before 3 me 3 farther 3 gone 3 people 3 wet 3 behind 3 streets 3 rather 3 bottles 3 who 'd 3 discoth 3 dream 3 shoot 3 never 3 dark 3 series 3 they 'd 3 little 3 was n't 3 those 3 say 3 neck 3 soon 3 end 3 shadows 3 voice 3 disco 3 welcome 3 any 3 look 3 explained 3 good 3 heard 3 vodka 3 last 3 against 3 certainly 3 i 've 3 why 3 course 3 seemed 3 other 3 discovered 3 walls 3 gravel 3 number 3 now 3 waited 3 how 3 far 3 realized 3 exhibition 3 dirt 3 closed 3 phone 3 ken 3 fellow 3 belly 3 perhaps 3 apartment 3 reunion 3 comprised 3 above 3 knew 3 thank 3 hell 3 trench 3 nothing 3 outside 3 business 3 vans 3 drink 3 pressed 3 shared 3 bulldozer 3 feet 3 drained 3 every 3 mouth 3 own 3 had n't 3 aside 3 japanese 3 relatively 3 are 3 long 3 took 3 second 3 it 's 3 half 3 close 3 light 3 still 3 very 3 que 3 curtains 3 deep 3 approached 3 similar 3 cloth 3 whiskey 3 reporter 3 others 3 here 3 put 3 appeared 3 within 3 dressed 3 because 3 shoulder 3 swayne 's 3 mumbai 3 hand 3 small 3 nearly 3 across 3 finally 3 night 3 five 3 club 3 side 3 shirt 3 town 3 short 3 head 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 installations 2 tables 2 ran 2 ear 2 breath 2 return 2 stone 2 photographer 2 heavily 2 drugs 2 arms 2 thigh 2 building 2 real 2 country 2 that 's 2 sight 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 locations 2 european 2 doing 2 get 2 mate 2 something 2 tiger 2 foreign 2 sporadic 2 area 2 machetes 2 extent 2 moss 2 represented 2 wine 2 drainage 2 patrons 2 assembled 2 many 2 fat 2 god 2 orange 2 disconnected 2 college 2 way 2 german 2 software 2 presented 2 cigarettes 2 alone 2 swept 2 modules 2 rules 2 possible 2 recurring 2 metal 2 poured 2 introduced 2 gave 2 preferred 2 we 2 than 2 living 2 suspected 2 they 're 2 chest 2 wave 2 kind 2 comfort 2 muggers 2 spaces 2 electric 2 actually 2 shed 2 awful 2 warehouse 2 colleagues 2 ceiling 2 authorities 2 weekend 2 most 2 rang 2 wall 2 fact 2 seen 2 meet 2 probably 2 paper 2 everywhere 2 make 2 big 2 snatched 2 hanging 2 property 2 squeezed 2 clothes 2 else 2 busy 2 foam 2 swamp 2 advertising 2 impending 2 wanted 2 soft 2 sex 2 well 2 news 2 ball 2 yeah 2 leaned 2 abandoned 2 road 2 form 2 being 2 possessed 2 various 2 bony 2 windows 2 wrists 2 walk 2 carried 2 bled 2 shot 2 kilometers 2 acknowledged 2 caused 2 suite 2 french 2 slacks 2 field 2 anonymous 2 forth 2 member 2 time 2 handsome 2 u 2 cell 2 international 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 interviews 2 days 2 curtain 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 porch 2 events 2 whilst 2 sitar 2 via 2 victrola 2 place 2 help 2 thin 2 cracked 2 choked 2 flesh 2 naked 2 eye 2 jungle 2 market 2 south 2 assistant 2 york 2 contact 2 promised 2 answered 2 utterly 2 doors 2 think 2 atop 2 tickled 2 line 2 need 2 does 2 difficult 2 wondered 2 trucks 2 tourists 2 rashid 's 2 pants 2 mostly 2 rental 2 lover 2 suits 2 buffet 2 pavilion 2 courts 2 have 2 erasing 2 whatever 2 grass 2 emotional 2 interior 2 float 2 static 2 pushed 2 grimly 2 spoke 2 arm 2 shirts 2 belts 2 guerilla 2 smoked 2 suburbs 2 cold 2 password 2 english 2 stared 2 guzman 's 2 lived 2 thick 2 antiquated 2 fucking 2 home 2 large 2 couple 2 hands 2 laughter 2 grand 2 my 2 history 2 legs 2 started 2 leg 2 emerged 2 forever 2 civilized 2 weight 2 find 2 site 2 shadow 2 breakfast 2 slav 2 tonight 2 knocked 2 firm 2 rain 2 i 'll 2 nonetheless 2 tight 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 strip 2 blanket 2 stopped 2 companions 2 sat 2 weeks 2 sun 2 six 2 remembered 2 free 2 dangled 2 clay 2 banyan 2 link 2 wedged 2 beer 2 public 2 entry 2 asshole 2 oddly 2 cameras 2 must 2 faces 2 since 2 swung 2 wooden 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 spare 2 wear 2 pale 2 native 2 covered 2 asked 2 empty 2 beneath 2 fashion 2 rushed 2 anywhere 2 protested 2 crowded 2 point 2 dread 2 dozen 2 inevitable 2 pause 2 paint 2 films 2 heavy 2 see 2 weather 2 general 2 bitter 2 acid 2 frenchmen 2 resultant 2 instant 2 glasses 2 years 2 bought 2 circular 2 openings 2 party 2 tennis 2 high 2 saw 2 scene 1 greeting 1 supplied 1 concludes 1 london 1 swiveled 1 married 1 eschew 1 inevitability 1 panaflex 1 clang 1 declared 1 corn 1 midair 1 expressions 1 verandas 1 steadily 1 going 1 gloves 1 wild 1 wealthy 1 k 1 lucid 1 bench 1 confab 1 flattened 1 project 1 estimate 1 sheets 1 swarm 1 death 1 loaded 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 flopped 1 invited 1 owned 1 stifled 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 miserable 1 cocooned 1 experimentation 1 pacified 1 ashamed 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 really 1 squatted 1 hacked 1 sweat-stained 1 thunderclouds 1 whom 1 tires 1 wash 1 obi 1 speculating 1 curiously 1 expose 1 rose 1 episode 1 heaped 1 forays 1 prohibition 1 bronzed 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 already 1 fetched 1 ghost 1 commented 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 vigorously 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 square 1 tightly 1 tap 1 envy 1 evening 1 devices 1 insiders 1 environments 1 plantations 1 virtue 1 personal 1 allegedly 1 malta 1 goggled 1 banker 1 trauma 1 table 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 exposure 1 trading 1 pulse 1 vast 1 lofty 1 villas 1 met 1 realizing 1 port 1 travelers 1 logical 1 blasted 1 translations 1 referred 1 polite 1 considering 1 gentleman 1 arrived 1 lid 1 laws 1 stamps 1 advertised 1 driven 1 cities 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 rushing 1 offered 1 shut 1 lest 1 alcove 1 precinct 1 motes 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 regular 1 abruptly 1 gothic 1 anxious 1 gnats 1 surviving 1 carpets 1 huge 1 tree 1 third 1 fog-shrouded 1 dumped 1 unsealed 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 clamped 1 strains 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 furrows 1 hot 1 retorts 1 elsewhere 1 absence 1 lilies 1 plain 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 vasilov 1 bazaar 1 smell 1 distorted 1 birmingham 1 want 1 lemon 1 experiences 1 christian 1 large-scale 1 bath 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 sheet 1 exist 1 siblings 1 right 1 necessary 1 charming 1 conditioning 1 humming 1 proscribed 1 card 1 sick 1 measures 1 creepers 1 four 1 alchemy 1 staggered 1 day-glo 1 halftracks 1 fringes 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 entire 1 artists 1 tools 1 conversations 1 surreptitious 1 purchased 1 luck 1 mercifully 1 imperial 1 listened 1 paneled 1 tie 1 sea 1 scandalized 1 coils 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 blocking 1 elite 1 yesterday 1 advance 1 viewings 1 silent 1 snaked 1 trapped 1 argentinean 1 exclaimed 1 bangalore 1 recoil 1 popped 1 terraced 1 hard-bitten 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 elderly 1 bollywood 1 exact 1 self-loathing 1 wry 1 collegiate 1 gorge 1 remaining 1 crap 1 imported 1 investment 1 dreaming 1 quick 1 illnesses 1 bloody 1 dilapidated 1 terrace 1 nina 1 running 1 nervous 1 apprehension 1 dewlapped 1 models 1 refused 1 questions 1 hire 1 beyond 1 illegible 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 relations 1 pit 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 canada 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 months 1 shaken 1 kept 1 dear 1 rotting 1 handshakes 1 past 1 condos 1 passed 1 backside 1 swished 1 timidity 1 kerosene 1 balcony 1 modernized 1 guides 1 doorman 1 britain 1 shit 1 privately 1 conversation 1 sighs 1 misgivings 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 determined 1 ploughed 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 enormous 1 goes 1 notice 1 hookah 1 motion 1 tourism 1 confines 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 forgotten 1 designers-fran 1 bed 1 urine 1 homeless 1 respective 1 coddling 1 neatly 1 great 1 scarcely 1 europeans 1 sullen 1 walled 1 pictures 1 butt 1 envelope 1 violates 1 follow 1 effort 1 continued 1 timbuktu 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 grates 1 zero 1 image 1 copy 1 countrymen 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 friday 1 jean 1 ignored 1 supple 1 palpably 1 unease 1 viking 's 1 droves 1 regret 1 roamed 1 interested 1 corrosive 1 lime 1 congregated 1 gozo 1 pissing 1 someone 1 sure 1 foreigners 1 soundlessly 1 onto 1 whole 1 phones 1 guru 1 dorm 1 rattled 1 delhi 1 michelle 1 nose 1 breasts 1 glumly 1 screamed 1 forty-five 1 boisterous 1 lying 1 trembled 1 rubbed 1 intertwined 1 convoluted 1 occasional 1 dissolution 1 ultimately 1 quickening 1 s 1 grimy 1 pleasant 1 disconsolate 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 acid-filled 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 beat 1 snow-cool 1 cap 1 soot 1 co-host 1 barriers 1 flicked 1 comptroller 1 did 1 bugs 1 chalk-faced 1 evening 's 1 immensity 1 announced 1 erections 1 businessman 1 endeavor 1 ripe 1 mini 1 sweet 1 prepping 1 fence 1 parked 1 waist 1 wallet 1 slender 1 rust 1 hat 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 blizzard 1 reedy 1 there 's 1 village 1 sounds 1 dappled 1 wheeled 1 unplugged 1 gangs 1 neither 1 survived 1 part 1 where 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 braced 1 lifetime 1 bellicose 1 upon 1 plates 1 stayed 1 employer 1 resumed 1 rim 1 folklore 1 basket 1 patrolled 1 sloppy 1 buddhists 1 stripes 1 placate 1 locals 1 ached 1 enthused 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 adjoined 1 seven 1 pasture 1 jerk 's 1 bioluminescent 1 west 1 museum 1 pipe 1 shriveled 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 registered 1 rub 1 flat 1 elbow 1 compatriots 1 unzipped 1 vendor 1 calamity 1 fly 1 less 1 talker 1 casually 1 dance 1 ink 1 tasted 1 accent 1 creaked 1 skull 1 lukewarm 1 stuck 1 identity 1 roaring 1 devil 1 almost 1 fbi 1 bellowing 1 deserted 1 contacts 1 toward 1 yeah-good 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 eminent 1 washed 1 obliviously 1 fluorescent 1 science 1 mr 1 crowd 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 slashed 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 passing 1 odor 1 choose 1 tensions 1 teardrop 1 grew 1 displayed 1 mumbled 1 fabric 1 scorched 1 robes 1 film 1 mist 1 handed 1 impression 1 liquor 1 spot-a 1 ahead 1 non 1 glass 1 location 1 indians 1 playing 1 resisted 1 label 1 forced 1 inside 1 likely 1 shorter 1 barely 1 cluttered 1 settled 1 rings 1 satellite 1 floodlights 1 drinks 1 remove 1 pursuit 1 docile 1 scattering 1 whooping 1 mind 1 offing 1 lag 1 award 1 import 1 sleek 1 alley 1 carpet 1 noose 1 crushingly 1 accented 1 paved 1 lower 1 accounts 1 edifice 1 branding 1 some-thing 1 dashing 1 wingtip 1 paintings 1 scummy 1 harris 1 sender 1 electrified 1 muttered 1 stage-whispered 1 worthy 1 oxford 1 except 1 hand-scrawled 1 crackled 1 casino 1 faux 1 wankers 1 oise 1 honeydew 1 deposited 1 entered 1 curry 1 sweltering 1 hung 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 shamelessly 1 eclectic 1 thrill 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 breaker 1 exit 1 consultant 1 culture 1 kilroy 1 bathhouses 1 guide 1 blared 1 speakers 1 abutted 1 dissolving 1 humiliating 1 elusiveness 1 dishes 1 broken 1 reports 1 pimp 1 doctors 1 desolate 1 harbor 1 polished 1 concentrated 1 sharp 1 alleys 1 gaped 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 followed 1 strange 1 borrowed 1 development-perhaps 1 quasi-political 1 trek 1 meant 1 straight 1 santa 1 complexion 1 sandaled 1 grata 1 swilled 1 farewells 1 subdued 1 walkways 1 executive 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lie 1 flights 1 chief 1 derived 1 keening 1 july 1 possibly 1 funeral 1 may 1 presently 1 different 1 displays 1 functional 1 demarcated 1 casinos 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 forearm 1 extraordinary 1 candle 1 tigers 1 blocks 1 crying 1 blimp 1 corridor 1 cabs 1 opium 1 hard 1 styling 1 brilliantly 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 flickering 1 sundry 1 vied 1 swimmer 1 toppled 1 managed 1 fag 1 rubbish 1 exploded 1 haunches 1 surmounted 1 scouting 1 scale 1 heels 1 clumps 1 inveterate 1 tape 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 pigs ' 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 picasso 1 also 1 distribution 1 sheds 1 aboard 1 heritage 1 erosion 1 outright 1 albeit 1 golden 1 brows 1 galleries 1 adversity 1 estates 1 exhaustion 1 standing 1 cut 1 lent 1 evidence 1 participant 's 1 palestinian 1 1970s 1 vaulted 1 dialed 1 plains 1 chambers 1 rural 1 scratchy 1 camera 1 illuminate 1 safer 1 royalty 1 fingered 1 overwhelmed 1 transplantation 1 posed 1 estimation 1 chuckled 1 played 1 seawalls 1 guess 1 cream-colored 1 ancient 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 amsterdam 1 decades 1 north 1 chick-ens 1 chamber 1 slices 1 tripod-mounted 1 dubious 1 suite 's 1 afraid 1 photographed 1 weathergirl 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 coupling 1 accustomed 1 ascend 1 coiled 1 tossed 1 smiles 1 filled 1 dying 1 string 1 turned 1 happier 1 auction 1 consented 1 edged 1 politely 1 sacks 1 tin 1 developers 1 rudimentary 1 outskirts 1 boxes 1 pushing 1 throat 1 guys 1 loosened 1 netherlander 1 shooting 1 words 1 violations 1 alongside 1 shallow 1 mahogany 1 citizen 1 ditches 1 agonizing 1 sapporo 1 panels 1 box 1 hired 1 pine 1 shiny 1 distant 1 charge 1 boleros 1 christmas 1 columns 1 ice 1 cutthroats 1 chin 1 spent 1 scars 1 idiot 1 magic 1 rail 1 gift 1 issued 1 accompany 1 partying 1 discarding 1 chickens 1 nearby 1 miasma 1 grinned 1 particularly 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 backs 1 pop 1 cowardice 1 trying 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 reinforced 1 major 1 obscured 1 disembodied 1 idly 1 bastard 1 drifting 1 infamous 1 intensified 1 vigor 1 adventurer 1 massed 1 serve 1 cock 1 stumbling 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 previous 1 slack 1 imagine 1 seal 1 board 1 panama 1 land 1 lights 1 automatons 1 elbows 1 lots 1 stupor 1 seventeenth-century 1 girth 1 upright 1 insignia 1 trigger 1 worked 1 ladies 1 ended 1 picking 1 demeanor 1 crepes 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 regardless 1 snappy 1 winos 1 stretch 1 blushed 1 vomit 1 western 1 rendezvous 1 slums 1 pairs 1 certain 1 barrel 1 occur 1 mosquito 1 bunch 1 lascivious 1 directly 1 amount 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 slides 1 police 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 told 1 flown 1 galoshes 1 kliegs 1 occasionally 1 gold-red 1 cloaked 1 absurdity 1 genuinely 1 intervals 1 swiping 1 heads 1 manors 1 inland 1 jet 1 taught 1 emaciation 1 smiling 1 expanse 1 libelous 1 grandparents 1 drums 1 meanwhile 1 settlement 1 yourself 1 fugue 1 iron-hot-affair 1 stroked 1 tapped 1 city 1 testicles 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 buffoon 1 hated 1 kissed 1 curled 1 crooked 1 infrastructure 1 antiquity 1 ankles 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 liaison 1 house 1 houses 1 earth 1 disintegrating 1 denial 1 boyfriend 1 young 1 thankful 1 center 1 slipped 1 sconces 1 physical 1 gel 1 glitzy 1 arrange 1 relentless 1 sickly 1 melody 1 prefabricated 1 hazardous 1 power 1 lighted 1 code 1 reception 1 sneered 1 claim 1 tears 1 raul 1 cornice 1 girl 1 british 1 exotic 1 swarms 1 plopped 1 swiftly 1 unworthiness 1 systems 1 might 've 1 total 1 welcomed 1 well-heeled 1 submit 1 flaccidity 1 let 's 1 siamese 1 unless 1 alight 1 content 1 hours 1 canvas 1 designer 1 buses 1 wood 1 ashtrays 1 anyway 1 whoever 1 below 1 sentiment 1 romance 1 cantina 1 ministry 1 speak 1 temporary 1 equally 1 recreational 1 clue 1 layers 1 warned 1 painted 1 mock 1 waving 1 sagging 1 call 1 gingerly 1 filed 1 escort 1 items 1 syncopation 1 whomever 1 high-rise 1 significant 1 extended 1 scofflaw 1 volunteered 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 bathhouse 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 splash 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 severed 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 arrive 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 war 1 spanish 1 arrival 1 atlantic 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 sculptures 1 leeched 1 producer 1 beast 1 amongst 1 predicted 1 guttered 1 oh 1 joint 1 hatefully 1 language 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 wordlessly 1 colonial 1 hydrochloric 1 misshapen 1 promotion 1 directions 1 recording 1 earshot 1 extraordinarily 1 assured 1 lifting 1 circulated 1 main 1 morning 1 pumped 1 cross-fire 1 reminded 1 fizzed 1 mercy 1 grumbling 1 drive 1 effects 1 crumbling 1 deep-sea 1 arch 1 opening 1 rubber 1 autumn 1 marble 1 life 1 moment 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 drably 1 orbit 1 bombing 1 minsk 1 model 1 tenth-floor 1 lasted 1 terrible 1 avenue 1 fractious 1 spotted 1 addition 1 jocularity 1 cattle 1 subterranean 1 sky 1 beginning 1 heat 1 brass 1 rifles 1 italian 1 similarly 1 plucking 1 ignore 1 map 1 half-concealed 1 dreamed 1 everglades 1 faintly 1 dull 1 case 1 eerie 1 obscenity 1 seam 1 frequencies 1 bucket 1 ago 1 hindu-flavored 1 suzuki 1 slip 1 fearless 1 machete 1 labyrinthine 1 together 1 crossbones 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 photo 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 dreary 1 compartmentalized 1 handful 1 yards 1 continent 1 purple 1 spooky 1 sensation 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 understood 1 introductions 1 happened 1 impact 1 thoughts 1 brutally 1 conglomerate 1 commonplace 1 random 1 mexico 1 viet 1 raising 1 oil 1 everybody 1 twos 1 contents 1 butts 1 barbarian 1 vine 1 broads 1 smuggled 1 opened 1 signs 1 speaker 1 collection 1 smothered 1 hotels 1 burgeoning 1 cia 1 provided 1 clothed 1 baroque 1 proceed 1 belt 1 sidewalk 1 violent 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 types 1 disk 1 accepting 1 abroad 1 spine 1 credit 1 balaclavas 1 cheerfully 1 breeze 1 become 1 expect 1 louder 1 awake 1 smartly 1 recognition 1 pleased 1 nightclubbing 1 swing 1 driver 1 chose 1 scant 1 feature 1 hollow 1 cranked 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 thinking 1 nervously 1 stifle 1 heart 1 restaurants 1 talked 1 concession 1 vicious 1 bribe 1 acquaintance 1 love 1 wishing 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 lobby 1 work 1 scarred 1 stories 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 lock 1 commerce 's 1 unto 1 tolerance 1 shrill 1 service 1 exceedingly 1 feeling 1 re-creating 1 unconsciousness 1 thanks 1 peeled 1 silence 1 fords 1 cruises 1 attention 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 blood-warm 1 tropical 1 countries 1 exile 1 discover 1 stock 1 melancholy 1 finished 1 semen 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 sarongs 1 hidden 1 block 1 however 1 naturalized 1 sly 1 exertions 1 crushed 1 brief 1 nausea 1 outlined 1 year 1 usa 1 ashtray 1 embarrassment 1 booze-drenched 1 we 've 1 sniping 1 considered 1 balaclava 1 borne 1 moist 1 fore 1 screeching 1 witness 1 gangway 1 pears 1 subset 1 trees 1 nights 1 consulate 1 indulgently 1 heel 1 mosaic 1 limey 1 infected 1 command 1 skin 1 flawless 1 smithee 1 seeped 1 nice 1 strappado 1 cultivated 1 unexpected 1 pairings 1 became 1 dry 1 sniffing 1 popular 1 whispery 1 exactly 1 hey 1 septic 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 smashed 1 sluiced 1 epitome 1 eh 1 dress 1 doubtful 1 wilderness 1 not-happening 1 preferably 1 deeply 1 retired 1 storage 1 slick 1 debauchers 1 cloying 1 ring 1 steam 1 freshly 1 satisfaction 1 fifty-five-gallon 1 belligerently 1 instructed 1 retracted 1 waxed 1 quantity 1 connecticut 1 cars 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 gardening 1 whirlwind 1 frames 1 hirsute 1 quality 1 passport 1 tips 1 vision 1 thus 1 daily 1 brushing 1 conjecture 1 profoundly 1 one-time 1 bright 1 summer 1 roman 1 laden 1 hold 1 rotating 1 felt 1 same 1 named 1 nightclub 1 rich 1 nabobs 1 sarcasm 1 explanation 1 hour 1 sent 1 occupied 1 droplets 1 additions 1 rumor 1 clanged 1 den 1 lark 1 smelled 1 mauling 1 broke 1 chain 1 bangkok 1 netting 1 white-bread 1 space 1 lives 1 recriminations 1 hollywood 1 passage 1 slid 1 explosions 1 arrested 1 macabre 1 luis 1 chocolate 1 wharfs 1 influenced 1 ruts 1 inducted 1 reeked 1 thunderously 1 assuredly 1 surf 1 slideshow 1 piles 1 visited 1 pulls 1 supine 1 slapping 1 fully 1 lavish 1 children 1 stroll 1 turbans 1 huddle 1 reflected 1 body 1 garbed 1 darwin 1 titillating 1 style 1 vines 1 companies 1 eardrum-shattering 1 hole 1 single 1 drew 1 pocket 1 mildly 1 faded 1 shoes 1 persona 1 pulled 1 lockers 1 howl 1 sale 1 crates 1 segued 1 intact 1 ushered 1 interpol 1 chewing 1 lethargic 1 always 1 donated 1 banded 1 fro 1 alive 1 insulating 1 bloated 1 sulu 1 lifeblood 1 contingent 1 strolled 1 alan 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 echoed 1 taxi 1 how 'd 1 acutely 1 quarter-mile 1 pools 1 track 1 dreams 1 trip 1 dizziness 1 methodically 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 travel 1 bank 1 collection-estate 1 untucked 1 youth 1 garden 1 perfectly 1 enlisting 1 knees 1 coterie 1 done 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 stench 1 idea 1 corner 1 sallow 1 acclimated 1 cocktail 1 confided 1 hillsides 1 slightly 1 equal 1 slaughter 1 awaited 1 fishily 1 techno 1 englishman 1 marauding 1 exaggerated 1 glitter 1 story 1 nightmare 1 press 1 tarps 1 swallowed 1 capsized 1 laboring 1 argue 1 coast 1 uneven 1 pond 1 hangovers 1 quickly 1 otherwise 1 terminal 1 promises 1 gloom 1 scratched 1 could n't 1 darkened 1 yes 1 secure 1 marathon 1 daylight 1 boor 1 perimeter 1 mildest 1 tourist 1 cyclopean 1 gunny 1 randomly 1 fragments 1 crisp 1 cocktails 1 glowed 1 misgiving 1 travels 1 looming 1 womb 1 calmness 1 neglect 1 unauthorized 1 confiscated 1 forthcoming 1 swimmingly 1 tremor 1 junkets 1 seniors 1 familiar 1 humidity 1 cried 1 blazer 1 blocks-the 1 trap 1 appeasing 1 avoiding 1 pull 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 shuffle 1 lungs 1 marshes 1 instead 1 drank 1 vase 1 florid 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 sunk 1 crucified 1 limes 1 low 1 held 1 baggy 1 take 1 hangover 1 tapping 1 ivory 1 developed 1 minute 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 elegant 1 volunteers 1 westerners 1 claude 1 formal 1 stems 1 tri-headed 1 circumstances 1 kolkata 1 fell 1 surrounded 1 cursed 1 killed 1 brazen 1 window 1 starless 1 persistent 1 champagne 1 owners 1 jap 1 scattered 1 prospect 1 obstreperous 1 present 1 funneled 1 headed 1 preserve 1 drove 1 recorders 1 ate 1 stem 1 copies 1 eyeless 1 exhibit 1 designated 1 health 1 drown 1 discarded 1 tried 1 shops 1 walked 1 comparing 1 enjoy 1 gradually 1 grimaces 1 lagoon 1 bourbon 1 subsided 1 attired 1 ramp 1 gently 1 projected 1 accident 1 sampler 1 snarled 1 tell 1 leave 1 meager 1 stage 1 earnestly 1 appointed 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 congruently 1 fired 1 delirium 1 sneaked 1 expense 1 affair 1 shepherded 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 lines 1 translucent 1 gold 1 looking 1 coonskin 1 melt 1 victor 1 chance 1 favored 1 impediment-he 1 commenced 1 glue 1 name 1 scout 1 learn 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 skip 1 gelled 1 confinement 1 pens 1 anything 1 group 's 1 burn 1 pseudonym 1 cream 1 us 1 emotions 1 brought 1 threaded 1 avoided 1 exhibits 1 homeland 1 buttock 1 elbow-length 1 touching 1 ridge 1 underground 1 stupid 1 remained 1 times 1 past- 1 be-hind 1 success 1 team 1 noises 1 appearance 1 venues 1 picture 1 tokyo 1 chopping 927 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i 'm 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you 've 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would 've 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i 've 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might 've 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so-called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping-pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must 've 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million-million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung-over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should 've 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r-t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue-collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black-mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive-bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth-eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest-caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust-stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician-prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep-fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud-splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white-tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half-realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog-eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet-raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade-shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million-dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close-up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw-teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three-hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid-bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private-collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too-bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two-ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip-thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double-breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half-buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric-a-brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well-trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty-five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club-hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man-sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas-top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five-piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v-neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray-haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop-motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could 've 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd-eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll-smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy-five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete-hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm-breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty-proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive-black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool-aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa-thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well-fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high-society 1 blue-white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron-haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed-off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian-style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie-loving 1 failed-athlete 1 self-help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once-over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king-sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick-jowled 1 yellow-brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo-jumbo 1 idiot 1 life-size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue-flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self-prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow-hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone-through-the-nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who-the-hell-ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four-door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big-shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose-dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm-sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture-talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise-mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet-sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti-western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off-road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick-red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss-drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti-assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long-shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum-dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell-shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half-hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt-tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose-first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high-stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie-jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen-million-dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video-taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we 've 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin-high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child-warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth-naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no-go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie-of-the-week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half-moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs-up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin-can-under-a-boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin-lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t-shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean-reality 1 7 1 static-laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri-corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card-carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby-hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five-hundred-dollars-a-night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self-serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife-bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second-rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi-collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half-frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed-doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit-all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby-blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper-crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too-loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull-yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red-rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton-chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison-orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster-sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
a cursory physical inspection failed to prove this dream-state , especially with the addition of two rather small , soft bumps at her chest and a decided lack of one between her legs , but mark had full confidence that the power of the mind often superceded reason , as was presently the case .
but the more nathan investigated , the more the pronoun he took on a nebulous formation , especially with the strange addition of two very large , obvious bumps on the upper part of his chest and a decidedly more curvy shape as evidenced by the dip at the waist , and the rounded mound of her hips and ass .
it was strange , how much she looked the same and yet was remarkably different with just the addition of a few softer lines around her green eyes , the harsh angular cut of her jaw smoothed into a pleasing , feminine shape .
but clearly , with the addition of a set of 'd ' cups nathan had to address the most logical conclusion , however fantastic it was .
he knew dirk well enough that this was another one of his elaborate scams , although the addition of a gun was a nice touch .
then there were two more uhf stations that aired pbs , which also showed unedited movies sometimes , in addition to the very excellent tom baker-era doctor who episodes !
thank you for reading , david w. wright * * * * chapter 11 : about the authors sean platt is the co-author of the yesterdays gone , fornevermore , and available darkness series , in addition to the novels four seasons and the childrens book , penny to a million .
in addition to being a regular contributor for copyblogger.com , the webs premier content marketing site , sean has written copy for some of the largest writing and lifestyle blogs on the web .
this he was compelled to answer as he had put it ; and when , in addition , he began to recollect that , without the shadow of a doubt , sir francis varney the supposed vampyre , had been chased across the fields to that very ruin whither he was bound , and had then and there disappeared , he certainly found himself in decidedly uncomfortable and most unpromising situation .
valrie considered me the way one would a caged hamster , with breeding like yours , its no wonder why amos thinks youd be a great addition to our ranks .
instead , i mixed concrete or tore down a starter motor to change the bushings or framed in walls for a new addition on someones house .
the thought of needing the light prompted the addition of a cigarette lighter from the sink drawer , and about fifty feet of 3/8-inch line id seen when hunting for the first aid kit .
the fire alarm blared , but to him it was just another addition to the convoy of frightening clatter , like the sounds of people rummaging through the store as he left it behind .
several additions along with modernized utilities helped the home grow into a rather large , historical house .
officials say that if anything , a permit had not been acquired for the addition to the property ; and even more , a commercialized tower is a violation of zoning ordinance in the residential area .
but in the unusual frame of mind , combined with a need to explore the new addition to the tree goddess painting , steve rose from his seat and immediately placed his hands on kelly 's shoulders while rubbing and caressing them .
in addition , wayne visited mapleview wireless solutions for an inexpensive cell along with unlimited texting and data .
it was such a horrible thing for alexi to experience ; in addition , being chased by the same man who was capable of transforming into a stark-raving maniac .
but for now , she had her baby to take care of and a husband who was soon to return to the surprise addition of the family .
still , he could see that mary purchased a companion and was sure to appear happy with the addition of rat dog , which now declared daren to be most unwelcome .
surely , she would become an addition to the mausoleum , or at the very least , receive harsh punishment .
in addition to more stacks of newspapers there are bulging , open plastic bags filled with garbage , piles of dirty clothes , scattered empty liquor bottles and beer cans .
in addition to his other vocations , he was the singing- master of the neighborhood , and picked up many bright shillings by instructing the young folks in psalmody .
his appearance , therefore , is apt to occasion some little stir at the tea-table of a farmhouse , and the addition of a supernumerary dish of cakes or sweetmeats , or , peradventure , the parade of a silver teapot .
in addition to typewriters , the store carried ink , pens , pencils , pads , paper , parts , and the antiquarian could even purchase type for his archaic printing press ; daniel did not sell the devices himself , but had two in the back room that he would let people use for a fee , of course .
in addition to helping to prevent these terrible , previously unexplained accidents , these devices will open up a whole new avenue of research and exploration , and perhaps lead to even more innovative technologies !
gold and diamonds are , in addition to being rather valuable items of luxury , the two materials in the world , in addition to platinum , which have the greatest resonance in both realities ; they are the items most attuned to the vibrations and stimuli from the parallax , as i explained before .
sighing resignedly , devalier began to help him , until all of the illicit matter in addition to a healthy supply of sycamore leaves were either stowed away in various pockets or being grasped firmly in the mens hands .
in addition to the ritual he had me doing everyday , the lesser banishing ritual of the pentagram , he added other rituals to my daily practice .
in addition to the man in the red coat she saw a burly older man with a forked beard and a dark-haired woman in a white bonnet .
it was a strange addition for an elevator to have , but the architects of the building , drunken morons that they were , had viewed the cramped innards of the average elevator box as a portal of escape .
due to contract terms , the firefighters get a three percent retroactive increase , in addition to a first-class firefighters pay of $ 78,052 as of the end of 2009.les purvis * * * brubaker finished reading the paper , his mind going full blast .
columbia had a thinner atmosphere than his own world , but it had higher co2 , in addition to richer oxygen content .
he had always taken the counter girls before when he could , but when he stumbled onto this teacher girl , he knew he had to have her , that she would make a much better addition to his project .
it was a part of history , at least as far as the land was concerned , and they all felt it would be a fine addition to what they believed was going to be a fine university .
in addition to the copious amount of spirits up for sale , there was a wide variety of other wares such as jewelry , clothing , and various exotic fruits and vegetables , some of which brice was entirely unfamiliar with , having most likely been acquired from the outland fringe or even deep within the uncharted lands .
in addition to the light beams of the cops , they could see the entrance of the chapel , still lit by the flashlights they unfortunately had not turned off .
and in his mind the addition of each subsequent work had only the effect of watering down the previous .
in addition , any similarities between characters mentioned in this book and actual people is purely coincidental .
all of them were accurate shooters with a springstien boss , it was an accurate weapon , but they strove for speed in addition to that .
hed seen the pipe come out like that many times before , in addition to the regularity with which it normally came out .
he saw the look on the young man 's face and could tell in addition to possessing basic manners the kid looked smart- very fat , but smart ; and definitely significantly brighter than most of bayonne prison 's other inhabitants .
but even if it had just been a few deaths , we still would have had fucking zombies in here in addition to psychotic murderous clowns .
in addition to her , there were the usual items on the long highly polished table : a stapler , multiple colored ink pens , coffee cups , paperclips , some doughnuts with multicolored sprinkles on top , and several manila folders stuffed with stacks of paper .
in addition to a lot of beer there were a few gallon jugs of moon shine someone brought and the fat guy had been drinking a lot of that .
in addition to them , there were also the three unaccounted for members of the ice , immigration and customs enforcement , team : agents puckett , hadden , and dudley .
in addition , to tell him that air traffic control will know of the planes presence but they will have no idea that the president is coming in for a short break en-route to a classified destination .
in addition , if it turned out that the instigator of this global revolution just happened to be clayton bane , as he suspected , then all the better .
scanning his eyes along the full length of the white-tiled passageway , he was relieved to see , that in addition to being toxic vapour free , it was also free from any armed security guards .
although the priest had been quite insistent that it was haunted , it looked innocent enough especially with the addition of a computer .
'now for some more news , jess and i have been discussing some new additions for the hotel , like a centre for complimentary healing , seminars and courses in the paranormal . '
antonia , the younger of my two younger sisters at fifty-five , had brought along her new husband who was a curious late addition to the family for me .
valerie considered me the way one would a caged hamster , with breeding like yours , its no wonder why amos thinks youd be a great addition to our ranks .
in addition to payroll and a cramped hr office , the floor homed large call centre , accessible from another point in the building .
but in addition to being untrue ( he had his family and the four guys he played poker with sometimes ) , it sounded pathetic .
and reginald , in addition to wondering if it was legal for berger to tell people about his skin-melting disease , thought : to torture me ?
now , he was a friendless pest who , in addition to torturing reginald , seemed willing to take any conversational port in a storm .
with the unexpected and unwelcome addition of walker , the first part of the night shift went much the same as the day shift always had .
in addition to vanimeter and bruno , ronnie was also there , as was the young man chopped in half crawling on the floor and the boy in the wheelchair .
hed built the platform two years before , one of the first additions to the compound hed constructed on national park land in the blue ridge mountains .
in addition to laying ruin to the worlds technological infrastructure , the solar storm also dropped most of humanitys population dead where they stood and sat .
includes two bonus essays and nicholson 's first-ever published story , in addition to the four-story aeropagan cycle .
in addition , their vision was dimmer than it had been before they got sick , and it was almost impossible to stop their desire to eat flesh from living people .
in addition , if someone turned up a car radio in their vicinity , they 'd walk right toward it , no longer aware of the people close to them and almost begging for the humans to bash their heads with their swinging baseball bats from behind them where they had no protection at all .
in addition , as soon as the two guardsmen entered the store , they figured the zombies would move forward , almost asking to be brain clubbed by the pair .
in addition , because of the stick with the deer , they could n't see behind , so wilson 's eyes were necessary for their total security .
in addition , whoever is married to her will be able to adopt and assign these children to whomever he wishes , even for marriage . ''
in addition , marlaina trained them to bark so we know if people they have located are alive or walkers .
in addition , their vision was dimmer than it had been before they got sick , and it was almost impossible to stop their desire to eat flesh from living people .
in addition , if someone turned up a car radio in their vicinity , they 'd walk right toward it , no longer aware of the people close to them and almost begging for the humans to bash their heads with their swinging baseball bats from behind them where they had no protection at all .
in addition , as soon as the two guardsmen entered the store , they figured the zombies would move forward , almost asking to be brain clubbed by the pair .
in addition , because of the stick with the deer , they could n't see behind , so wilson 's eyes were necessary for their total security .
in addition , whoever is married to her will be able to adopt and assign these children to whomever he wishes , even for marriage . ''
in addition , marlaina trained them to bark so we know if people they have located are alive or walkers .
in addition , their vision was dimmer than it had been before they got sick , and it was almost impossible to stop their desire to eat flesh from living people .
in addition , if someone turned up a car radio in their vicinity , they 'd walk right toward it , no longer aware of the people close to them and almost begging for the humans to bash their heads with their swinging baseball bats from behind them where they had no protection at all .
in addition , as soon as the two guardsmen entered the store , they figured the zombies would move forward , almost asking to be brain clubbed by the pair .
in addition , because of the stick with the deer , they could n't see behind , so wilson 's eyes were necessary for their total security .
in addition , whoever is married to her will be able to adopt and assign these children to whomever he wishes , even for marriage . ''
in addition , marlaina trained them to bark so we know if people they have located are alive or walkers .
`` in addition , '' the solicitor went on , `` aelfraed dalton walters is named legal guardian for miss van helsing , and sir edward wallace penbryn is appointed overseer for the estate . ''
in addition to formal martial arts such as bartitsu , defendu , and spirit combat jujitsu , he also taught her commando hand-to-hand combat and street fighting , particularly the use of any tactic that could give her an advantage .
in addition to the intelligence center , the panels led into the cloakroom of the conference room and the safe in her father 's office .
in addition to always paying back the loans , the fullertons kept the thornton family well fed ; no thornton ever paid for produce at the local farmers market .
i wanted to during the trial , but the dump truck they assigned to my case told me id be charged with slander in addition to murder if i took the stand .
in addition to the freakishly thick skull , it had a mastiffs sagging brows and cheeks as well , the folds of skin lining its eyes , the wrinkles of flesh surrounding its snout , the wads of meat on the jowls , but no , wait as the thing came closer and jaysh could better see the excess skin , he found himself making a face he hadnt made since hed been a small child , back in the days before hed seen scabe-wolves tearing live deer into pieces or maggoty gut-piles left behind in the shun .
he found them in no time at all , a series of rounded rectangles pressed into the soil , unique in that they were twice as wide as a human foot and without the addition of toes .
we did not know when or even if we 'd get a chance to talk with you but you have been someone we thought would make an good addition to sand since you were young .
in addition to mouse and hound ( sounds like a pub name , butterfly had giggled , sending another roar of laughter through the group ) there was flea , the smallest of them ; rabbit , named for what he declared were his usually successful attempts to fuck anything that moved ; and panda .
this goes on to sprinkle the rest of my arms and with a few additions , i finally get a chance to look at my shoulder and there is no scarring as i think , but an intricate picture of the sun .
the latest little additions hed added to the classic plastic model really brought the monster to life .
holding his most recently stuffed addition on his lap , he continued stroking his calico cats thick fur as he waited for his toady to rant on .
`` 'an interesting addition to the joseph gibson situation , or as mrs. paterson refers to it , her vegetable saga : `` 'charlie mcwilliams went into town this morning for some produce .
`` should o ' expected you to be the one opening doors in addition to everything else you do for o'malley . ''
the doppelganger still had her back to the rest of the guests and made a face at the door in addition to the black oil that lucinda could see surfacing and mocking theresa 's face .
of course , being that i was the newest addition to the staff , i didnt rate choice assignments to places like italy or spain .
in addition the relationship between faith and works as it relates to salvation was clearly defined .
when i had arrived to this ghostlike world the last time , i hadnt noticed that in addition to everything else that seemed wrong about this place , color was another one .
but nella suspected it had more to do with the last minute addition of dr. carton to the witness list and dr. schneider to the defendant list .
in addition , dr. gerta schneider stands accused of theft , transportation of dangerous materials without precaution , and the kidnapping and enslavement of dr. michael carton . ''
once on the street , in addition to physical discomfort , alex felt condescension and arrogance , a great desire for violence .
`` alucius ' soul had been changed by something else he stole from the city of god , in addition to the boat .
several lights had been now brought into that antique chamber , and , in addition to the mother of the beautiful girl who had been so fearfully visited , there were two female domestics , who appeared to be in the greatest possible fright , for they could render no assistance whatever to anybody .
as the flagship was now overcrowded by the addition of so many men to its crew , mr. edison had them distributed among the other cars .
as the flagship was now overcrowded by the addition of so many men to its crew , mr. edison had them distributed among the other cars .
in addition two private nurses were given the dubious chore of keeping the linen from becoming soiled and changing the iv drip that prevented him from starving himself to death .
while the men received , in addition to their special education , a broad general culture also , with the women there was no special education .
includes two bonus essays and nicholson 's first-ever published story , in addition to the four-story aeropagan cycle .
valrie considered me the way one would a caged hamster , with breeding like yours , its no wonder why amos thinks youd be a great addition to our ranks .
1501 royal tutor given the choice between doublet and tights , and a long scholarly robe , i chose the former , deciding that the close-fitting clothing would give more scope for the addition of weaponry .
the beasts front paws bizarrely looked like hands , which at present had the misgivings of a fabled gremlin , long pointy ears , in addition to a stretched muzzle , and it too carried the same types of fleshy growths that reybe had , so that led him to assume it must be some kind of dog .
in addition , with a peace deal being signed at that very moment , it seemed all the more pointless .
he didnt know for sure , but could only assume that these fineries were the result of generations of raids , stealing the wealth of the aristocracy , perhaps in exchange for ( or in addition to ) their blood .
just a quick reminder right here , dont forget to come on out next friday night and welcome our newest addition to the cherrybomb family , vicki daniels .
in addition , she finally caved and began participating in those ridiculous group therapy sessions she hated going to .
in addition to the painful memory of that night in the garage , angel was also suffering the passing of margaret hamilton a.k.a .
in addition to killing angel , her list of things to do was prominent : quitting her stripping gig ( she could always bartend at cherrybombs ) , ending her affair with heroin and its unpleasant , vaginal odor causing side effect ; stopping all sexual activity at the old , falling apart farmhouse down the road involving razor blades and other tools .
* in addition to the two joints that were in her purse , she also had a backup for herself just in case her confronting jack became too emotional .
she came screeching up the stairs and jeffers shot her with a bolt from the lone crossbow theyd brought with them , a last-minute addition theyd tossed into the trunk on their way out of town .
the addition of terrill and clarkson to the fight helped hold back the tide at first , but there was a seemingly endless number of vampires outside .
surveys showed that in addition to the usual twenty percent of the populace who will believe anything , another twenty percent thought vampires likely , and more than half thought them possible .
there was a brief surge of energy with the addition of the blue-blooded vampires to the fight , but they were quickly beaten back by the shadow .
`` am i correct in assuming that , in addition to finding ourselves in a cul-de-sac , we are also hoplessly lost ? ''
the building was large , square shaped with no additions , with old dark brown wood siding , board and batten style , with several battens loose or missing , a steep pitched roof , and a red neon sign in one of the front windows which blazed `` lindy 's roadhouse '' into the darkness of the surrounding forest .
it is n't a true polygon if you take a closer look , and there are extra additions that are n't usually associated with either wicca or satanism , or even the latter day saint movement . '
when air conditioning eventually came around , there was never quite enough in the church building fund to provide for that kind of luxury addition .
in addition , now pustules sprouted from his skin on a daily basis , erupting in a spray of black blood only a short time after they appeared .
this way to the bloodbath by the sword july ground zero at this time the late aughts in addition to writing the main-line jack novels , i was writing the teen trilogy as well and falling in love with weezy .
in addition to writing , the author has spent time as a full-time touring musician , touring across the us , canada , and europe .
in addition to the cars , there was a stream of families who lived close enough to walk to the ward .
in the three-mile radius around marks house there were four boarded-up houses , besides ours , where people had survived in addition to the ward .
in addition to these two businesses there was a locksmith , a pizza place , a chinese restaurant and a nail salon .
about the author bitten by the writing bug at the age of ten , pen is an avid reader in addition to being a prolific writer .
in addition to reading and writing , pen loves movies and music , particularly the music of the 80s and prior .
i was confused because when a kuna girl reaches womanhood , as pronounced by her first menstruation , she cuts her hair short in addition to shedding the nickname she carried in childhood .
in addition to the fever , she suffered from the throbbing bite wound , a blazing raw injury that dripped fire-like needles through her veins each time she moved her head .
in addition , in these troubling times jason aims to expose major cover ups such as dragons behind every major war , zombies boosting the coffee industry and the unicorns unionizing movement plaguing the nation .
in addition to facing his fears , alex will have to take on his nightmares , an annoying sister , and his clueless parents that only get in his way .
he had watched her on so many nights she had danced her way into mr underhills heart , he fell in love with her , as he loved the garden , she was a rare and beautiful addition to his garden that although he could not water or prune her he would watch over her , day and night , to make sure that she grew strong and healthy .
he showed them via his assistant , who translated his words onto the sheet tacked alongside the sailor-suited girl , the gamut of shades obtainable by the addition of basic white or basic black .
in addition to kings law enforcement , the marshal service also performed rescue operations for downed pilots and assorted stranded scavengers .
the march of their chaotic army left hundreds of their own kind strewn behind them , stomped unconscious in addition to numerous broken bones .
in addition to having obliterated all of the infected who had gathered there , the first grenade also erased the pumps and most of the roof above them as well .
a proverbial rocket scientist , a surgeon , and a pilot were all additions that could better the lives of everyone with their skills , so the people received them as good fortune .
in addition to multiple sets of main doors that connected directly out to the sidewalk , there were some small stores and a sandwich shop as obvious locations of interest .
in addition , every morning during the one or two hours of daylight depending on the time of the season , the misty cloud cover was always present , which is why no one saw more than two-thirds of the building .
as laythan embarks on a quest to hunt down and destroy the only creature who dares to match his abilities , he meets ainsley corrs-a beautiful and stylish irish woman who becomes the much needed addition to his life .
in addition , they declared that they almost looked straight through her and that she appeared to be crying as she hovered toward them .
their journey was more enjoyable in addition to the fact that the country was not particularly a large one .
in addition , either by her mind control or voluntary means on her associates part , they purposely omitted the usage of her name to anyone who came near the boundaries of laythan .
lake town was more an addition than a town , made up of a collection of large houses on sloping lots with individual lake docks .
in addition , he had purchased a couple of buckets , plastic mugs , some basic utensils , bed sheets and a sleeping bag .
in the particular instance of which i have given you a relation , mircalla seemed to be limited to a name which , if not her real one , should at least reproduce , without the omission or addition of a single letter , those , as we say , anagrammatically , which compose it .
in addition to being large , he was also much paler than julian , who , like the lexingtonians had bronze skin with deep brown hair that grew in tight curls .
kicking free of the tangle of sheets and stumbling to the door , betrix made last moment additions to her list : tie on the floor , leather belt , briefs , a baseball bat in the corner , she had missed that earlier .
in addition to the ghosts and specters walking about , ankou saw a multitude of multicolored witches , werewolves of every size and fur color , very many voluptuous vampires , a few gangly ghouls , and an occasional demented-looking demon or two .
the constant hours of indulging in his habit would have killed him anyway , but the addition of the rat poison was all his overworked heart could stand , and it had simply stopped beating in protest .
in addition to the chatter i heard other voices , barely perceptible , talking about how your son is not even losing weight while in this poor peoples slum death follows death , hopping from one baby cot to the other .
over her shoulders rose the handle of a two handed sword , in addition , of course , to the daggers on her belly and , he was sure , the knife on her calf .
the regular population must be around a million , then there are the passing-by ones , the illegal ones , the wanted ones , in addition to those who reside here at the cemetery , which no one ever really counted as human beings .
he brought a hand to his knife , when he noticed that , in addition to the guards , there was also a tall , broad-shouldered man , dressed in a long black cloak , black coat , black pants and black boots , each bearing the silver symbol of the city watch : the amputated hand above the log .
mama was sitting next to him with a bottle of wine next to half-full , in addition to those he had already emptied .
in addition , he could roughly understand what they were saying , shadows made things big big , muttered the one he had followed there .
he could hear his voice , reciting blasphemous verses , and in addition to that the cries of terror of those who were to be sacrificed .
at least a hundred gleaming swords were leaning against the walls and , in addition to these , bows and polished shields .
by the time cesar had situated himself behind the wheel , megan had already briefed the others in the convoy , including pringle , who seemed oddly ambivalent about the new addition .
she hadnt known him very well , but he had seemed capable and confident , a solid addition to the community .
it was giving me problems the layout wasnt working as well as usual because they were having a special service that weekend , and there were all kinds of additions to the usual agenda .
in addition to everything else , billy was almost ten years old which is a hard age to remember to be quiet under the best of circumstances .
in addition to insane anger , he felt a ravenous hunger driving him to catch and devour the small animal .
in addition to bloating they seemed to be capable of little more than an occasional grunt and a slow walk that got steadily slower as the days passed .
in addition to all the drug charges , the bonnie and clyde of the redneck variety were also suspected in a few rather gruesome murders stretching back several years .
having always grown vegetables , in addition to his marijuana , he 'd gotten used to the occasional rabbit intrusion .
in addition to lynyrd skynyrd he knew marijuana grew best while being serenaded to with a wide variety of music including the beatles , creedence clearwater revival , blue oyster cult , and three dog night .
later , once more in the hospital , farro was so happy to hear that the landmine he tripped had killed carl in addition to leaving himself a triple amputee he could n't stop smiling for a week .
in addition to shingles and a few tons of splintered boards there were quite a few oddities sticking out of the wreckage .
when attacking a host or victim their original cells are altered by the addition of the viral genes .
in addition to blood or bodily secretions it 's hypothesized that it could easily be inhaled , but since no type animal has been shown susceptible to the virus , other than man , we 've had no way to test that theory without a human volunteer ; which understandably have been nonexistent to date .
in addition to the continued pursuit of the jh'a'vyraa , we also have a blood debt to settle with the oneirophage .
`` necrodelic , in addition to betraying and slaying my sister spidratha , you have mutilated my soulmates .
in addition to being a regular contributor for copyblogger.com , the webs premier content marketing site , sean has written copy for some of the largest writing and lifestyle blogs on the web .
in addition , i would bring pieces of chocolate and leave it in the area so that amber would feel all-the-more special .
little did paulette know that in addition to picking up the bacon , father would also venture about an hour away to an adult entertainment store that sold toys and costumes .
and in addition to preparing for saturday night , much planning was also underway of how to punish paulette and discourage her from being father 's little spy .
the trip was a little over a week and we had two bags each in addition to a few other personal items .
lorie found herself becoming lightheaded as she watched , found herself becoming oddly numb , in addition to her feeling of being frozen by the carnage .
in addition to the discomfort of having the drug dealer wriggling on top of him , milt felt a very uncomfortable change of pressure in the air , like his ears needed to pop .
randys expression grew more concerned as he listened , but the lecture hadnt stopped him from walking offprobably in search of more of his strange food in addition to the matches .
svens darkness feasted on one sight in particular , in addition to the dual cleaved zombie heads with which he had begun his offensive .
in addition to the two helicopters in the air , lorie thought she could make out the blades of another beyond the stripped-down cargo hold of a truck .
he looked up at her for a moment , squinted , and turned back to the paper to make a few more additions .
we were all still living on her estate in holmby hills , though the recent addition of so many men was beginning to tax even her space .
i looked through the peephole and found yet another pair of the suited guards with the addition of two of the hotel security guys in their blazers .
`` me and the head - the head and i - think that in addition to stripping people 's brains all the way to that one unerasable line of code , the pulse also kicked something on .
in addition to the bones , he saw tin cups , ancient picks with rusty heads and funny short handles , small rusty boxes on straps ( what david had called 'seners , he imagined ) , rotted clothes , deerskin slippers ( they were tiny , slippers for infants , one might have thought ) , and at least three pairs of wooden shoes .
in addition to mccarthy 's blood , the bathroom floor was now covered with murky water from the cracked toilet tank and the tiled surface was a skating rink .
imperial valley meant exactly squat to owen underhill , and now , in addition to the stitch , henry had what felt like an iron band around his chest , squeezing and squeezing .
in addition to the stuff on view , eastlake had found various eating utensils ... four cups he claimed were `` italianate '' ... a trivet ... a box of gears ( whatever that might mean ) ... and nails without number .
he spoke patiently , as if discussing a simple addition problem with a person of limited intelligence .
`` in addition to my work , then , some extra value has come of this week , some personal enlightenment . ''
ct. s. eliot chapter 11 the derry of the old crocks was not the only secret city existing quietly within the place ralph roberts had always thought of as home ; as a boy growing up in mary mead , where the various old cape housing developments stood today , ralph had discovered there was , in addition to the derry that belonged to the grownups , one that belonged strictly to the children .
a number of spotlights ( new additions , he was quite sure ) threw fans of illumination across its lawn , and ralph could see two men walking back and forth at the end of grotesquely elongated shadows ... rent-a-cops , he supposed .
a number of spotlights ( new additions , he was quite sure ) threw fans of illumination across its lawn , and ralph could see two men walking back and forth at the end of grotesquely elongated shadows ... rent-a-cops , he supposed .
in addition to the automatic weapon in his hands , there was a revolver on his hip and a small green duffel-bag by his left foot .
he had spent four days in a coma , but leydecker knew how lucky he was ; in addition to the state trooper who had been standing beside him at the time of the explosion , six cops had died , two of them members of leydecker 's handpicked team .
in addition to the family , will would hire three or four high-school boys to help pick , paying them a quarter a barrel .
he had no sense of real time passing , but he was vaguely aware that , in addition to the smoke , the clubhouse was getting good and hot .
he was a skinny , limp-looking man with a little mustache that had n't grown very well and which , in addition , had been clipped unevenly , so it was longer on the left side than on the right .
in addition , he was known for his devout layman sermons on mother 's day , which he always referred to reverently as mother 's sunday .
most rediscovered animals were rather recent additions to the fossil record : ten or twenty thousand years old .
the dinosaur will then finish the victim off at its leisure-making dilophosaurus a beautiful but deadly addition to the animals you see here at jurassic park . ''
in addition she told him that she had read each of his eight novels at least twice , and had read her very favorites , the misery novels , four , five , maybe six times .
it was guilt he cried from , and he hated that most of all : in addition to everything else that this monstrous woman had done to him , she had made him feel guilty as well .
paul flicked it and saw a neat shed addition which ran the length of the house on its windward side .
the article noted that in addition to the new publicity director ( the balding , bespectacled fellow ) , twenty others had joined the staff of riverview hospital : two doctors , eight r.n .
the flames leaped and spat with each addition ( the smell of the shrunken head 's hair was particularly pungent ) .
he enlisted me in the cause , naturally , as his research assistant , in addition to my duties as cook , maid , manservant , laundryman , and errand boy .
too sweet , and the inclusion of carbon dioxide is an inexplicable and not altogether pleasant addition . ''
`` and unannounced , yes ... in order to entrust to your care this rare and altogether incredible addition to our-your- collection of extraordinary finds and irreplaceable oddities .
warthrop learned how well-liked kearns had been , how popular with the staff-particularly the female staff-how admired by the other doctors , what a fine physician he was , in addition to being one of the best trauma surgeons the director had ever seen .
rose 's baptist flock , had met her fiance lester pratt there , and in addition to her no casino nite button , she wore one which said i 'm one of the saved !
at last he rocked forward in his chair , made a change , added a sentence , initialed both the change and the addition , then signed his own name below deke 's with a flourish .
the house did n't feel the same , and i was n't sure if it was because of the new , awkward addition , or because we realized that it was n't just teds that we had to fear .
you ca n't just stuff it into your wallet and then shell out a bunch of crumpled twenties and dog -eared tens when you want a pool built in your back yard or an addition put on your house .
she thought so , and she thought she was n't seeing it because it was n't an addition but a deletion .
there was an addition to mrs norton 's usual order in susan 's round , palmer-method script : 'please leave one small sour cream , win .
in addition to that , he had a clear , free-running sense of humor and a pleasant streak of individualism that made him a class favorite .
he began to tell his story from beginning to end , weaving in ben 's and susan 's and jimmy 's additions as he went along , holding back nothing .
the entire building is due to be phased out in two years , when they put the addition on the stanley street school . '
`` all goblins are voracious lovers , merry , but it is the addition of more tender meat to ours that has given rise to trullups .
i had to readjust my straps on the holsters , to settle the guns again without all the other stuff to get in the way , and with the addition of the radio .
in addition to the folks at pocket books who undertook to publish this project , i 'd like to thank chuck verrill , who agented the deal and served as liaison between pocket books and abc-tv .
thinking was hard now , even simple addition slowed by constant thoughts of eddie , but he found he could do it if he really tried .
in addition , his forehead had been split by the rock against which it had fetched up , and the right side of his face was drowned in blood .
but , in addition to his sudden diversion of interest to the overlooks history , something else had happened .
in addition , both shoulders ached fiercely from throwing himself against the door and his throat felt raw and peeled from useless shouting .
in addition , both shoulders ached fiercely from throwing himself against the door and his throat felt raw and peeled from useless shouting .
so now there were six of them instead of four ( glen refused utterly to try driving a motorcycle and always rode pillion behind stu or harold ) , but the situation had n't changed with the addition of another woman .
she was the fourth addition to what they sometimes called `` the zoo '' and sometimes `` the harem . ''
this had led to some puzzled discussion in their group , which at that time had numbered half a dozen with the addition of mark zellman , who had been a welder in upstate new york , and laurie constable , a twenty-six-year-old nurse .
in addition to the movie project , stu had built over twenty models , including a rolls-royce that had 240 parts and had sold for sixty-five dollars before the superflu .
7 the gate was really quite strong , and in addition it was double-barred across the inside with two large logs .
in addition to the sores surrounding his mouth , richard now had a collection of angry-looking raised red dots or bumps across his pimply forehead and his temples .
a year or so later a young man she was dating more or less regularly began taking her down to the village , where some of the young ( and mostly white ) folk-singers who performed there had added some new and startling songs to their repetoiredsuddenly , in addition to all those old wheezes about how john henry had taken his hammer and outraced the new steam-hammer ( killing himself in the process , lawd , lawd ) and how bar'bry allen had cruelly rejected her lovesick young suitor ( and ended up dying of shame , lawd , lawd ) , there were songs about how it felt to be down and out and ignored in the city , how it felt to be turned away from a job you could do because your skin was the wrong color , how it felt to be taken into a jail cell and whipped by mr. charlie because your skin was dark and you had dared , lawd , lawd , to sit in the white folks ' section of the lunch-counter at an f.w .
it was a seiko quartz lc with a built-in calculator below the digital face twenty-four tiny buttons that would allow him to do everything from addition to subtraction to square roots .
in addition , summers suggested , the jaunt had been used by various tinpot dictators to get rid of political dissidents and political adversaries ; some thought that the mafia had their own illegal jaunt-stations , tied into the central jaunt computer through their cia connections .
mike haden asked what other entrances there were , and ollie and brown quickly ticked them off-two loading doors in addition to the one norm had opened .
in addition to the elderly woman , there was a chubby boy of about twelve , a young girl , and a man in blue jeans wearing a golf cap tipped back on his head .
i could have used the money-that was the year we put the addition on the house and bought the four-wheeldrive-but i just could n't sell it .
all six had spent some time in bobbi 's shed ; adley mckeen was the most recent addition to their number .
nancy lived in the first street house until 1988 it was commonly believed even by scores of mayfairs that she was really stella 's daughter ) in 1891 , the first street household consisted of remy mayfair , who seemed years older than his brother julien , though he was not , and was rumored to be dying of consumption , which he finally did in 1897 , julien 's sons , barclay , garland , and cortland , who were the first mayfairs to be sent off to boarding schools on the upper east coast where they did well , millie mayfair , the only one of remy 's children never to marry , and finally , in addition to julien and mary beth , their daughter , little belle , who as already mentioned was slightly feebleminded by the end of the century the house included clay mayfair , mary beth 's brother , and also the unwilling and heartbroken katherine mayfair after the destruction of riverbend , and from time to time other cousins during all this time , mary beth was the undisputed lady of the house , and it was mary beth who inspired and carried out a great refurbishing of the structure before 1900 , at which time three bathrooms were added and the gaslight was expanded to the third floor , and to the entire servants ' quarters , and to two large outbuildings as well , one of which was a stable with living accommodations above it .
this version of los angeles , that is , complete with the occasional continuity glitch or made-up addition . ''
still , it was good he was here , because in addition to the missing angi ; , there was also no sign of dodee sanders .
13 in addition to the picture of the sermon on the mount with his safe behind it , there were a great many plaques on the walls of big jim 's study , commending him for various acts of community service .
in addition to cheapass groceries and beaver-books , brownie 's was one of three agency liquor stores in the mill , and the pd had keys to all three .
those who do know him would have said , before today , that he was a real addition to the community , taking his turn at umpiring softball games in july and august , helping out with the middle school book drive in september , and picking up trash on common cleanup day just two weeks ago .
24 in addition to roger killian and the bowie brothers , there were ten new officers from what was now the chester 's mill hometown security force sitting on the bleachers of the middle-school gymnasium , and big jim had only gotten started on his speech about what a responsibility they had when the fire whistle went off .
in addition to the odors of smoke and decaying animal , he could smell rotting plant life and a swampy stench that no doubt arose !
in addition to this , there was a dark keyhole shape , quite large , floating on the left side of his vision .
in addition , the dark keyhole shape floating on the left side of his vision had shrunk to a ball the size of a marble .
she 's as shocked as the rest of us , of course , but in addition , i 'm sorry to say that she herself has a serious drug-dependency problem , as a result of a fall and her consequent use of an extremely addictive drug called - ' 'i have n't had anything stronger than aspirin for days now , 'andrea said in a clear , carrying voice .
in the funeral parlor , the rnost recent additions to the roll of the dead begin roasting in their metal lockers like chickens in a dutch oven .
in addition to a check covering the rent he owed , he was returning deposits to several people who had made them on bigger jobs .
since the zingers fiasco , two clients ( including cannes-look jeans ) had canceled their arrangements with i-e , and if ad worx lost the sharp account , rob would lose other accounts in addition to sharp .
in addition , the fbi in portland and boston had been alerted to a possible kidnapping , and they were now running steve kemp 's name through their files in washington .
donna screwing some other man , vic holding on to all of that - trying to , anyway - in addition to this stinking mess over a red , sugary kiddies ' cereal .
he opened the mcgee file and took out the latest additions-the six letters andy had mailed less than two weeks ago .
i e-mailed acheron about halloween , and he said to tell you and talon that there will be two new additions moved in for it .
but in addition to being goddess of the hunt , artemis was also a healer , and a protector of children and women .
he had , in addition to this passion for the hunt , one truly precious trait which separated him completely from lesser killers .
later additions to this castle , rhosh had designed in the high gothic style for his own pleasure , and his heart was warmed when those mortals who occasionally stumbled on this place thought it was a triumph .
`` and i am , in addition , an expert on geographical features from tulsa , oklahoma , to timbuktu , '' continued professor mandalay .
the japanese restaurant had gone out of business and had been instantly replaced , in the way of london restaurants , by a hungarian restaurant , which had kept the conveyor belt as a high-tech addition to the world of hungarian cuisine , which meant that rapidly cooling bowls of goulash , paprika dumplings , and pots of sour cream made their way in stately fashion around the room .
in addition , they were more beautiful than the women of dominica , and they were better cooks than you would find anywhere on earth .
people kept clapping fat charlie on the back , and buying him drinks with umbrellas in them ; in addition to which , he had now collected five business cards from people in the music world on the island for the festival .
the new addition pushed me , and i pinwheeled over a body , landing with a hard thud , my side throbbing .
in addition to being a fine mechanic , amos was the one who used explosive surgery to crack open the icebergs floating around saturn and turn them into more manageable chunks .
in addition to snoopy , she spotted the one they called stumpy because he or she could n't be much over a meter and a quarter tall .
in addition to hillman and travis , she had a green private named gourab on this particular patrol .
`` we do this thing clean , and i 'll talk to my opa people about putting a few credits in your accounts in addition to getting you offworld . ''
in addition , mei meng had decided she was funny , and spent part of each day monopolizing her attention .
in addition to snoopy , she spotted the one they called stumpy because he or she could n't be much over a meter and a quarter tall .
in addition to hillman and travis , she had a green private named gourab on this particular patrol .
`` we do this thing clean , and i 'll talk to my opa people about putting a few credits in your accounts in addition to getting you offworld . ''
in addition , mei meng had decided she was funny , and spent part of each day monopolizing her attention .
in addition to bringing whatever unclassified news and information we can , we will also be conducting interviews with the command crews of the ships , civilian leaders on the thomas prince , and live musical performances .
this is already looking like a train wreck , and in addition to chewing up a few hundred colonists and scientists , which is bad enough , it will also be my fault when it all falls apart . ''
`` in addition to the energy spikes , there are twenty heat upwellings that we 've seen so far , '' he said , pointing to the rendered sphere of new terra on havelock 's desk display .
in addition to murtry and amos , four rce security personnel stood around the room with drawn sidearms pointed at amos ' back .
what the disc says is : us department of the interior cadastral survey bureau of land management 1992 and in the middle of the disc is something that looks like an addition sign with the names of the four states in each of the quadrants : utah , colorado , arizona , new mexico .
in addition to the fact that his dick was hanging out , something told him a sudden reach for the bag would not be the smart play .
in addition to black snakeskin boots and faded blue jeans , he wore a bloody white t-shirt with sweat marks extending down from the armpits .
in addition to orson thomas and david parker , he was also roger garrison , brad harping , patrick mulligan , and vincent carmichael .
in addition to stinking of onions , the car has been running hot and he worries it wo n't endure the remainder of his journey .
at least a half dozen newbies in addition to the original four , and there were more appearing every second behind those , a veritable army of fireflies emerging in the dark and all moving toward him with a kind of bobbling motion that made him fear the people holding them were running .
in addition to his inner circle of one hundred sixty true believers , pilcher was responsible for the abduction of six hundred fifty people , all of whom , himself included , he 'd put into suspended animation .
not far ahead , in addition to the screams of what sounded like a massive abby swarm , she heard movement coming her way-limbs breaking , sticks snapping .
so in addition to bleeding like stink , which was its own special kind of agony when it came to abdominal wounds , you might also pull out a sausage string of guts at the same time .
now in addition to worrying about my friends being attacked , i was panicking that i was going to break my neck by falling off the back of a horse .
the lr in boeing 777-200lr stood for long range , and as a c-market model with a top range exceeding 9,000 nautical miles ( nearly 11,000 u.s. ) and a fuel capacity of up to 200,000 liters ( more than 50,000 gallons ) , the aircraft had , in addition to the traditional fuel tanks inside the wing bodies , three auxiliary tanks in the rear cargo hold-thus the need for a safe chop-out area .
caution , the final calculation of this sum and the addition of the funds to your account are your responsibility .
items in the newspaper and in various blogs about the additions sparked a new interest in the show and in the artist .
* * * virginia prior , one of the top local critics and the art editor for the largest local newspaper , discussed the show and the new additions with bengal over cocktails .
the nest caf is humming ; basil is extremely pleased with the renovations and the addition of the new builtmore bar .
during school holidays , in addition to a couple of extra shifts on the milk-round with reg , my neighbor assisted me in boosting my savings plan by allowing me to help him either lay carpets or to deliver three-piece suites .
dennis had purchased a package of cigarettes in addition to the supplies for bobos anticipated display of pyrotechnics , hopeful that the nicotine would do something to soothe his electrified nerves .
in addition to a section dedicated entirely to keys , there was a neat stack of pens , a few loose safety pins and rubber bands , and a half-empty tube of glue .
in addition to that , i was suspected by none other than my soon-to-be-boyfriend , detective daniel reynolds , which i must admit did hurt my feelings a little .
this meant that in addition to me , consuelo was also a suspect due to the fact she was the first and last person to see him , had prepared his food and drink , and would have known of his allergy .
at that point i knew he was teds son ; in addition to his impeccable taste in mens cologne , he shared teds genteel manners and warm heart .
in addition to being very bizarre , it was all really very sad , especially considering it involved teds children .
i realized then just how many things , in addition to the mining scandal , had been burdening the poor man the whole time .
speaking of romance novels , apparently , this genre is so wildly popular , especially in these 'tough economic times ' , that even emma reads them , in addition to the hps .
yet another surprise , in addition to my earlier shock at seeing baroness thatcher in one of her decidedly low-class , private moments , when the paparazzi cameras werent upon her .
in addition to the smile i 'd seen just a moment earlier , this was the first time i 'd ever seen her look like she was n't in charge of things .
in addition , i was hoping to catch up with y-san , that mysteriously sexy little japanese man who failed to fall for my blue angora on that fateful day in the offices of sfmc , and who walked with a suspiciously robotic gait .
in addition to spectating at the public costume parties , i soon learned that a cup of coffee in japan was about $ 10 dollars canadian .
in addition to gold seekers , almost every other type of person you can imagine came to broken jaw junction .
half of bazookas hair was sticking up and he was missing his tie , which , i realised , richard was wearing in addition to his own , neither of which properly hid the livid bruise on his neck .
but in addition to this , there was something odd about them that i couldnt put my finger on right away .
in addition to suffering children , there wasnt an animal that she didnt shed a tear for when she watched their bones poke through their skin as they drew their last breath .
in addition to the five ostensibly patient yet demanding messages on her cell phone , hed left two at home , plus an e-mail , and a text .
in addition , just before getting separated in two , the hapless goblin randomly and dramatically threw away his sword .
*** the peasants went back to their villages , the deer went back to their forests , and the army , with the addition of arthaxiom , gaduria and alexander , was returning to the capital .
in addition to the sorceress who had just exploded their archmage , they were now faced with an armoured , sword-waving madman .
at first i must confess to thinking this a terribly vulgar addition to so formal an evening - i believe such characters to be charlatans who should remain at the furthest away end of any seaside pier .
in addition to this drained effect , many of the bodies had actually been ripped apart , clearly with some force .
and like everyone else in that city , arden wouldnt really mind if someday , in addition to his extras casting agency business success , kismet smiled down on him and he was discovered by a big name film city director and duly groomed to be a famous bollywood actor .
and then such eyes could be further glammed up by the addition of a fringe of mascara-tipped lashes .
but in addition to mumbais fascinating populace , arden also saw the sunset exercising its ostentatious creativity through a smoggy , uncertain sky , streaming like still runny egg whites , working like a gel clipped into place over the lights in a movie studio .
arden had not always lived in such close vicinity to the girl , and in addition to much literary inspiration he owed his first glimpse of she whom he secretly called the goddess of jailbait temptation to his albino friend .
in a concession to the popularity of american style cocking , deadly steel spurs were bound with leather jesses onto each roosters legs ( traditionally , indian cocks fight with the safer taped spurs , but the paying public was here for blood and lots of it , hence the addition of cold , deadly steel to the arsenal of each already dangerous bird ) .
high grade methamphetamine in the concentrated crystalline form known as ice coursed through the veins of each of the men on board their holy mission : it was considered by commander lakhvi to be a necessary chemical addition to their arsenal of ak-47s and chinese made norinco type 86 grenades if they were to stay alert throughout the upcoming long assignment .
arden and chandy had become frequent texters to each other since mitras death but this was the first time she had ever sms-ed him without the addition of some flirtatious smiley face emoticon , a habit that always served to remind him of the fact that she was still no more than an orphaned , underage girl-child .
===== table of contents paupers and pigs an act of desperation the spotlight shines dressed to impress the growing gusto playing the part a hell of a night addition through subtraction building momentum greek tragedy time in the grinder confined creativity duchess josephinas secret challengers and their wicked ways the book of love the final bow epilogue a note from the author ===== chapter 1 : paupers and pigs timmy pressed his cheeks between the bars of the wrought iron gate and gazed upon the brilliant green stretch of manicured lawn extending beyond .
===== chapter 8 : addition through subtraction both a botanical garden and a public park , the greens was a beautiful stretch of landscape in the central district of upper southrump .
in addition to the original rats tail , there was another dining hall called the thumbtack pub over in shillings .
timmy was still not one hundred percent , but he carried what he could , in addition to a stub-beaked finch that had flown down from the roof of a nearby store and landed , as he always did , upon the comfortable shoulder of his master .
i saw your late addition to the guest list , and i must say , we are honored to have such an esteemed figure visiting our humble town of upper southrump .
in addition , timmy knew that if the quality and popularity of their performances held fast , it would draw more people into the impoverished shire , people who may not otherwise venture there .
in addition , he believed his wifes skills as an actress could be a welcome addition to the cast , though she personally never pushed for such involvement .
in addition to rampant price inflation , several key manufacturers realized a series of production mishaps resulting in product shortages for life sustaining drugs .
in addition to his speech , alan was certain he could make both mike and shap cry when he fired them .
in addition to the requisite therapy , the department of wildlife gave him a life ban on goose hunting .
izzie was very attractive and slim as a young girl , although she had allowed herself to become a little fuller-figured over the years , bringing up two boys and a girl in addition to ella , all born before she was 21 .
bella had not seen her before , so perhaps she was a recent addition to the city 's resident population .
beside it was a plastic container with some cat litter concoction of sorts that mister albert took upon himself to clean and replenish each morning , a job he cheerfully undertook along with many others in the house in addition to his gate guard duties for no extra pay .
she barreled into the plank me , plank you enchufla followed by the obligatory do-si-do and i , being still alive and on my two feet -- in addition to having witnessed this number several times while chaperoning dances at faithful hill regional high school -- opted to give it a go while contemplating the union of angel and chip/silly .
`` in addition to stopping at an atm on the way to the airport , i need to visit a federal express office .
in addition , i rang mr. goofy eddy white and suggested he bring a utility trailer with him today so he could remove the hodaka to his workshop .
stinky , in addition to drooling at the advent of mia , had developed a fixation with the duesy sometime back .
in addition , jack 's youth soccer league received twenty-eight pairs of hockey skates and fifty-six boston bruin shirts of various sizes .
in addition to gardening and general yardtending , i reconstructed the old gazebo near the headwater of the brook with help from stinky , replacing the dilapidated railing and screens before giving the roof a much-needed patching .
it was poetic : the liquor , originally a stark green , with the optical properties of water , became cloudy and opaque on addition of that famously clear latter liquid .
but nothing currently on offer appealed to me ; however , in the coming shortly window was an image just like tybalts stage set , complete with sea anemones , though with the addition of a practically naked and decidedly over-developed young woman sprawled across one of the rocks .
`` i have found that a small addition of 'wm7 ' ( the new , blue whitener of omo fame ) gives us a vastly improved optical whiteness . ''
somewhere in the dim recesses of the factory someone switched on the fans , audible even up here since the latest addition of chimneys to the roof .
in addition , one might explain variability of higher organisms on the basis of the regrouping of the ready-made genes .
as no translator was ever credited by cicely , no contract for the translation was ever signed and no money ever changed hands , it was not possible to hold anyone other than her responsible for the mistakes and additions to the text when it was rendered into english .
in addition to belter and barney , there was duppo , who was actually a first cousin of belters and a splendid chap , always helpful , even though he was another lay-lawyer .
as well as having his own forum , alfie quickly established a presence for himself on the forums of others , and was a popular addition to a number of newsgroups .
in addition , the good professor was offering five generous research grants to be given out in the name of a charity of which he had recently agreed to be a patron .
the bottom of the tower looked as deserted as the top did , with the addition of a few rotting boards on the floor covering what looked like a dungeon below .
but in addition to being untrue ( he had his family and the four guys he played poker with sometimes ) , it sounded pathetic .
and reginald , in addition to wondering if it was legal for berger to tell people about his skin-melting disease , thought : to torture me ?
now , he was a friendless pest who , in addition to torturing reginald , seemed willing to take any conversational port in a storm .
with the unexpected and unwelcome addition of walker , the first part of the night shift went much the same as the day shift always had .
the adult channel was available to well-to-do households in the emirates , in addition to being available at the park hyatt .
in addition , i figured if i had to work hard to get that car , why shouldnt anyone that steals it .
in addition , route 44 , at this point , was a divided highway with the eastbound and westbound lanes divided by a grassy median .
the door handle had a keypad on it , the kind with numbered pushbuttons in addition to a knob with a keyhole .
in addition , records i found on rays computer also listed kathleen as a joint owner of all the assets listed there .
in addition , as an armed and dangerous fugitive who has held a defenseless woman hostage , theres a very good chance you may not survive capture .
in addition , every time they appear on the cusp of falling asleep slap them hard and scream insults at them .
addition and subtraction gave way to multiplication and division , to fractions and decimals , and from there relentlessly onwards into the unknown .
now all that remained was to put into action his own part of the plan , his individual addition , his personal creation .
in addition to his inept coffee maker , the fresh croissants had not yet been delivered by that lazy devil , son of a whore , renaldo , and so he had to once again give the english stale ones .
holding the bunch aloft in his raised right hand with each new addition , he received a chorus of cheers , whoops and cries of victory from his thugs around him .
even with the addition of thigh-high stockings to cover my bare legs i felt exposed and , if i must admit , a tad sordid .
give me any two numbers and i can give you their value in addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division .
in addition to guard security and infinite systems , cypher systems had other holdings and was the parent company to a number of other businesses , but steven and i were the only two accountants in the security division .
in addition to carlos , there was only one other director in the office , director of human resources , and she didnt seem to have any staff other than her administrative assistant .
my head was starting to feel light , most likely from the addition of vodka to an empty stomach , but i attempted to push the sensation away and focus on our conversation .
and in addition , every country has someone who bears a grudge against them , so if you venture near such establishments you risk being a victim of collateral damage .
according to the papers back home , this new addition to our galaxy has been named earth , a word from the hindrian language meaning unsightly , misshapen barren wasteland .
i mention this in passing , not merely to let you in on a little secret that the inhabitants of blinkingtononthe-treacle have yet to discover for themselves ; but also to blow the bugle on behalf of arnold matson ; a man too modest to tell you himself that he is not only a first rate publican ; he is , in addition - and i cant put too fine a point on this a man who knows his onions when it comes to the business of entomology .
the relief at not being the youngest and only gay he knew was a welcome feeling , along with the genuinely good addition of kissing technique to what was a barren chapter in daves life story .
dave made the brief stroll across his polished wooden floors to the kitchen , and poured himself a top up of what was some beautiful cab sauv , a fine addition to his wine collection , and not to be confused with the clean skins that he kept in the cupboard for parties .
oh , i love collecting old dolls and i have lots of dolls houses , so id probably either work on my collection or scour a few vintage collectors shops looking for additions to my collection .
in addition to sticking some sample outfits from the magazines on the wall , dave was also using his highlighter to select words and phrases that he felt would help him assume his new role .
had the venue not been so well decorated by laura that afternoon , with a keen addition of some wait staff , dave was sure it wouldnt be such a success .
in addition , if you take the latitude and longitude of this exact point , accurate to fifteen decimal places , add the individual digits together and divide by the number you first thought of , the remainder is the mystical and magical 777 .
he went to the cavern , heard our band , liked us , and thought we would be a great addition to his party night .
in addition , their patience with me , for continually changing the draft that they helped proofread .
it was because of this combination of impulsiveness and love of animals that we ended up with another addition to the family .
in addition to the beer , kopek is really appreciative of the landladys barbecues , or more specifically the food she cooks on them .
it was a prius , an electric car that could sit three people in addition to the driver , who was pakistani , just like all the drivers in new york city .
me too , and anna , who in addition to starring in spielberg movies , carries a gun when she goes out to dinner .
it was a version of addition by subtraction for quite a few because even though they sided with one and truly despised the other they thought it might be a net gain for the whole if the extremes were removed .
the office was spacious , decorated with luxurious marble and glass tables , in addition to a few swiveling chairs .
in addition , the air fashion jet was not at rest , because the autopilot flight planner was carrying out a one foot forward , one foot back , short distance rocking travel route , in its manama airport slot , bringing its continuous motion to the attention of airport security officials and the civil aviation affairs committee of bahrain .
in addition , various photographic shots of the rose of levity served as biometric imprints for each of the women getting married , and the rose of levity itself was the pass to further spiritual advisory on pleasure , meridians , and proper guidance including a church guru by the name of senpath gorumbador .
`` ill take four in addition to shalia and jenny , four other women from the harem , not the girls who are just having fun and cant learn the prayers properly .
hes not a strong reader and the fuzzy purple text of the mimeographed document was impossible to decipher , having turned to hieroglyphics with the addition of water .
hed given zach the card and had gone over the calculations , teaching him how to figure his wages with the equations on the back of the card and simple addition .
surprisingly , jill had never been to napa , so when we entered the valley after an hour in the car , i told her about its evolution from the early hippie days in winemaking through the years it transformed itself into a slice of italy with the addition of miles of fieldstone walls , accents of italian cypress trees , rows and rows of olive trees , and of course the ubiquitous tuscan influences in residential architecture .
in addition to all those realities , and those distractions , were going to have stirg on our asses .
by seasons end , they both had become loveable additions to the group , but oh , the trials and tribulations they went through .
he 'd brought christmas to hunting camp once again , and the joking and criticism slowly faded away with each new and interesting addition .
in addition to taking the antibiotics , it would be a good idea to try and drink a fair amount of cranberry juice and also to make sure you have an orgasm at least every two days to keep things flowing in there .
gordon paul pledged proceeds from all stw events toward the reconstruction of the san jacinto monument and the restoration of the battleship texas , this in addition to the money already pledged for fixing up the coliseum .
in addition to making tea eight times a day , and making the bed eight times a day , and waking the big guy up from his nap eight times a day , he was out scouring the streets for virgins , more and more .
roger said , gale asked all the other right questions , and i guess the answers to those have to do with the serious thinking youve been doing , in addition to the serious wine drinking .
he loves the story of your ballet production , all the people that were involved in addition to pete townshend , and the conflict with stirg .
in addition to the betting board that took up one entire wall , there also were several large screen tvs tuned to different channels , and one of them was showing the english version of entertainment tonight .
the point is that mr. soderberg now is interested in other types of artistic media in addition to film .
now , in addition , we learn that they are creating a super-legal system based on markets and trade to be run by and for themselves , which will supersede the laws of nations , annulling our rights , and essentially ending democracy as we have known it .
a straight-lined scar went all the around both shoulders in addition to several faded scars on his muscled back .
as for the lovely vixen , '' he winked suggestively , `` she 'll make an admirable addition to the gene pool . ''
maybe billy bob , but probably not because that can also be a friendly kind of name in addition to being the name of a backwoods serial killer .
the items all brought her closer to connor and she especially liked the newest addition to her collection- the addendum connor had sent out of his office .
with the addition of earthen seawater , and dont ask me why , i dont know , but with this addition trimedian became a powerful weapon .
in addition to being a full-time father to a fifteen year old boy ( the light of his life ) , jacques amused himself and his family and his friends by organizing some of the most glorious aristological events anywhere in the world .
roger explained that the quantities should be enough to supply three dozen people ( in addition to the junes ) over the course of each year , assuming they were not a bunch of drunken sloshheads .
in addition to the usual suspects , selgey and bart invited three visiting members of the san francisco ballet , jinny invited the president of the charleston huguenot society , richard invited three local writers of note , roger invited the owner of the bordeaux estate chateau plistroud , who was visiting his daughter who is attending the college of charleston , and gale invited the mayor and his wife .
it was a math game where numbers fell from the sky and had a math operation between them : addition , subtraction , multiplication , or division .
the boys gradually grew into men , picking up an addition to their crew during their junior year of high school .
he had the same information that max had gotten me , but in addition to that , he was able to score stuff from the police report .
the five-hundred he paid us up front along with an addition five from the hold would be enough to cover our expenses .
my little fling with the twin-quin years ago was an anomaly , a fools ploy which had more to do with bad addition than addiction .
in addition , the cabbie killer is trying to make m. hugh 's life particularly miserable , but we do not know why that is so , or who he is , although , on a positive note , m. hugh and myself know , all too well , what he looks like .
in addition to this she was the model student , she maintained straight as , or so she said , and had been the class president for most of their school tenure .
in addition , you will get a certain table in hell that is reserved for the rape of grandmothers , you sick fuck !
in addition , they get great discounts and can accordingly wardrobe themselves for their auditions and gay encounters at night in public parks and rest stops .
and now , in addition to me and my 6 mates doing some proper work to try and keep the lights on occasionally , there are approximately 3.5 billion spotty teenagers all tweeting and fat facing and watching wacky videos on you tube .
on this , i agree with brayfield , that symbolic computer moron is even more moronic than me , hasnt figured out anything about this or my job in addition to being an elevator maintenance repairman .
in addition to the item , there was a book translating thai characters into western alphabet characters , a thai phrasebook booklet , and another book which seemingly held cryptographic codes .
gen inspects the spinach lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , bell peppers , red onions , black olives , in addition to our select meats , cheeses and dressings .
in addition to family , we have our school and university relationships , our jobs or professions , our political affiliations , our neighborhood , our city , our state , our country , sports , clubs , bars , secret societies , social networks , gambling dens , houses of rising suns .
some vinegar remained , having a new source in addition to tommy , and that was the fact that i had driven home from confederate nation alone .
in addition to teaching , mathematical research and administrivia , i worked on a device that would speak the words on a computer screen as an aid to the blind .
in addition to donating money to their relief efforts , as well as contributing a significant fraction of my salary to many charitable organizations , we helped during a disastrous ice storm in quebec .
gry and i had been clawing phonarite crystals from that planet , one of a string of three c-phon planets which had large deposits of the crystal , and we brought runr back to the dome knowing gravic would be pleased with an addition to the gene pool .
an actor would have been proud of my work as i was wincing as well as limping , even though my facial expressions that accompanied the limp were an unnecessary addition to the role .
an actor would have been proud of my work as i was wincing as well as limping , even though my facial expressions that accompanied the limp were an unnecessary addition to the role .
i parked next to a hummer in front of his mansion with all sorts of windows and dormers and additions .
and so it was a flock of elephants made their way to macklin 's condominium building ; the very same macklin who had already committed himself to vlod ironbeak 's project , and who had , in addition , embarrassed himself by smooching with allura just as gladys knocked on his door .
in addition about 6:00pm he had disembarked as usual at carlaw station for the 500m walk to his home on darlington cres .
as i perused the menu which formerly contained only preparations made from the flesh of snakes ; i was dismayed to note the addition of a selected variety of western dishes including , god forbid , the mundane hamburger .
mrs. northerland still fished both morning and evening using minnows and unlike the other high yield fisherpersons on my list the location of her glory hole was obvious from many angles on the shore and in addition was only about 500m away at the furthest point .
this very large species has the distinction of not only being very large but is in addition to many fearsomely ugly .
it was just a little memorabilia to flaunt around town , as if to say , `` yeah , you might have bought your gear online , but mine is limited addition .
it seems there was a delivery mix-up today , for when she opened her package , expecting the newest addition to her collection of strange and interesting plants , what she pulled out instead were extra-large degradable capsules !
i believe they said that it was a great idea and would provide an excellent addition to their stage show .
the yogurt seemed to resent this new addition to the mix and put up a vigorous fight , but at length , vlod got everything down .
an hour later , and with the addition of some mcbowel 's inflammable porridge , they managed to crawl through a time door .
it was quite an expedition , up narrow stairs and down creaky stairs , through extensions and additions , along secret passageways , up into towers and gables , and down into cobwebby cellars .
there have been two mask of death modules ( in addition to the recent release , there was a limited release version the year the movie was released ) but no book .
speaking of which , a box of wine ( any flavor ) and a chocolate snack would be a perfect addition to the enjoyment of this novel .
the eye doctor must have had something against dean in a previous life , because in addition to the obscene thickness , hed given the lenses a bronze tint , making dean look like a near-sighted mafia don .
in addition to storing several combibars of platinum and palladium , it held one hundred gold bars weighing about twenty seven and a half pounds each , or four hundred ounces , worth about forty eight million dollars at a market spot price of twelve hundred dollars an ounce .
it is possible we can learn from him , but in addition , he could be a good disciple if he is so well liked .
thus the proposal was to install two of the six additions as identity gurus ( official title ) , their task being to smooth the path to harmony ( official buzzwords ) , yet consequently marginalizing the emerging widening of pupil ability and achievement ( actual ) .
philip had a bad feeling about this ... . chapter 175 : lonesome robot with the subtraction of one and the addition of two , the three villains were now four .
marked by a lightning scar and wise in an odd tongue of latin , greek , and random additions of hawaiian , he taught his followers to spend their gold freely , and consumerism swelled under his reign .
in addition , you may be further endangering an endangered species , as only one exists in this universe , and it may be tempted to eat itself .
they even got most of the locals believing the development will be an endearing addition to the park and artistically in keeping with the natural surroundings !
in addition , we have reports of priests from all christian denominations resigning , but it 's the catholic church which is feeling the brunt .
the very public display of magic that he had used in gaining the throne and crown had , in addition to killing the previous monarch , also sent strong messages about the wizards magical power throughout the small kingdom .
the jaws , easily wider than a man , opened to speak , revealing , in addition to a dual-row of razor-sharp teeth , canines the size of a man 's forearm .
hearing the dragon howl in pain had , in addition to partially deafening him , made him very happy that he had already emptied his bladder before coming here .
doa chona was n't too happy about this new addition to their worship , but when wayne took them to lunch after church was over , she started warming up to him .
she has a very few spotty freckles until you look closely , and in addition should be leading a much more sedate life .
in addition there are : gramma helouise , `` beau 's '' gramma ; dame gretchley , a character/minister with brown hair , blue eyes , a viet/korean face , and a bulldog mentaility ; thomas dalieken , an italian , sympatico to the severely impressed and others ; mabel `` school '' jones , a nice middle-aged plump auteuse who writes history novels `` pretty good , for a boat-owner , '' also tending bar : dave velasquez velasquez , a handsome young hispanic man , `` dead '' at 29 , temporary prince of the air ; and one fred , of wabash , wa , whose major life 's goals are to merely walk and drive fast again-and to eat rocky road .
in addition , or perhaps in relationship to permanently leaving home , he also figured he 'd be gay .
and , in addition to divisiveness , there is also , also this weird little old thing called getting ready for the after-life ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
the burning flesh smell re-attracts yoga , who proceeds to eat me in addition to the other extremely intolerable and unspeakable pains .
the only trace of him on the blue grey tiles was on the coffee table , the jigsaw puzzle of drer 's jerome had been completed with the addition of the saint 's face next to it , a note pencilled inside the box-lid read thanks for everything .
in addition to his hotel and musical interests , jarrah jambres studies the behaviour of bats in various cave systems throughout central europe .
in addition to the white vj vest , jerboa was wearing white shorts , white socks and grey trainers .
veda struggled upright , opened her eyes , sipped the hot liquid and wondered if , in addition to sugar , any tea had been put in this tea .
in addition to this , i was wondering what the pair of them had been whispering about when i walked in earlier .
the only words i heard as they moved out of earshot were id like to offer you a part-exchange i have no idea what estrade offered in addition to the two boxes full of filth , but the furniture was soon being piled onto handcarts and wheeled back to the house by the shopkeepers sons .
estrade , whom i suspected of running some other business venture , in addition to his ill-fated foray into the sex industry , merely disappeared .
it was a small neighborhood for him , after all , and the fact that a new addition to their little strip mall was being connected to the bookstores west wall was immensely interesting to randolph .
he would give ray a tour , let him sit in on the daily editorial meeting , allow him to give some suggestions as to local stories for the evening 's community arts addition and let him pick on the design layouts for the special community section that he already pre-approved .
they would tell her that her aura of positivity would make for a great addition to the advertising department , shed go out on location to any of midland sales events , meet other potential employers who also loved her can-do attitude .
he wondered how many more things the old devil could think to fight against ; and he saw that with each addition , the resolve of his audience to actually fight grew stronger and stronger .
science has been revealed to have deep flaws in addition to its positive points , and yet it seems blissfully unaware that a problem even exists .
in addition to godel , there was popper ( just to be clear , not that universe-generating popcorn popper -- dark energy ) .
in addition , there is an ancient greek legend that states that the first dolphins were actually humans that jumped overboard from a boat to escape the wrath of the god dionysus .
in addition to these physical characteristics , there came the abilities of speech and flight , as well as the psychic ability which allowed them to see the future .
fortunately for our protagonists , ice cream does make you happy , and in addition to this , the cowz !
in addition , somnia refers to the state of sleep , and so insomnia refers to the inability to sleep .
this would put you in the first dimensions , from which it is a simple matter of addition or multiplication to attain access to the rest of our dimensions .
you see , space calculators were rather common finds in the grilled cheese nebula , and the triangles had perfected the manipulation of these calculators so that they could use any combination of addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , and squaring , in addition to a whole gallimaufry of mathematical functions to travel anywhere in time or space and between an infinite amount of dimensions and universes , and as such , they had accumulated vast stores of knowledge , which they held fast within their one hundred and eighty degrees .
this is such a delicious fruit , and clearly loaded with knowledge , in addition to essential vitamins and nutrients she thought and rushed back to her husband with the knowledge of knowledge .
in addition , gods were forbidden to grow facial hair in those days , much like soldiers or other jobs where one is required to be well kept , and he hated having to shave .
most of them were not worried about copyright infringement , for they did not believe that the phrase which constituted their name belonged to any one being , and in addition i might claim that i was being original because i added from the grilled cheese nebula to the title of four sided triangle .
in addition , he also requested that milenkoooooos moustache be transferred to him , on the basis that he read it belonged to him in a prophecy that had fallen out of the sorcerers hat .
it was the very beginning part of allergy season , and with tissues in hand in addition to half gallons of chocolate milk , they set out towards the drainage pipe i keep talking about .
fate headed straight for the newest addition to the room , a double hammock across one corner littered with cushions each as big as a child .
well , thats one reason i hate cats , that prissy , tweety bird voice people use to talk to them and in addition they have way , way too much attitude ; those egyptians spoiled them rotten .
in fact , i promise to donate the original thousand dollars i pledged , plus an addition thousand dollars , if you help me find ten thousand dollars .
a lot of hammering was going on around the corner of the house where the new porch addition was being built .
in addition , i have run out of cigarettes , which frankly can turn me into a homicidal maniac any minute now if i am not careful .
in addition , i do not know which fork to use for which course seeing as i had made adam laugh once when i had used the dessert one by mistake at his mothers table for my soup .
in addition , i have actual branches of fake pink blossoms jetting out of the relevant heavy headdress .
in addition , i can not for the life of me read the text because it is , written in some foreign language that is probably russian or some other eastern bloc country .
in addition , i could not sit down in this getup even if i had wanted too , so i just stood still behind the fireproof door so as not to damage my paintwork .
in addition , b ) diarrhoea sometimes lowers the effect of the pill , but i had been lucky before and gotten away with it .
in addition , having banned the word silly from our vocabulary has rather helped him to forget it too .
in addition , b ) rear the child in the chosen faith should anything happen to the parents and i will be all right with this one because kims mum would definitely step in and take over the responsibility so no worries there .
translation : the naughty bits are easily accessible -flannel pajamas are soft , and im pretty sure that softness is synonymous with sensuality ( or at least they both start with s ) -even if sex is not on the agenda , flannel pajamas are a welcome addition to the girlfriend/boyfriend bed .
mercy shook her head to clear her mind and refocus , okay , so in addition to all her other duties , sister maggie will serve as our political spy or whatever you want to call it .
i have commitments from backers for up to $ 3 million in addition to the $ 1.5 million i have on hand .
in addition to judge goldberg , there is one other jew on the court and another judge who does not practice any religion but describes his faith as unitarian .
in addition to sister perpetua , the group included : mother mercy , sister anne , sister maggie , sister lucille , sister clarissa , brother tim , father tom , and father jack .
in addition to my own recollections of the events i personally witnessed , i have interviewed the people involved and dozens of others who knew the participants at various times in their lives .
tusk is immediately proud and advertising of his hidden capability in japanese , but johann in addition to english and german speaks an entirely fluent , not even intermediate , mandarin .
just like their japanese counterparts , the american girls later surround the japanese guy at the next convenient social occasion , trying to puzzle out this mysterious foreigner who can even speak english in addition to spanish .
in fact , with the exception of some typo correction , this work has been more or less created in one-go , over the course of a few weeks of course , but still without any note-writing , pre-planning , or the subtraction or addition of text after the fact .
cherry was beginning to find stags corniness fun , and he was good looking , in addition to having the longest , curliest eyelashes she had ever seen on a man .
the cat would smell not only the things you did , but in addition he would smell the buns , ketchup , mustard , relish , chips , soda , grease , and even the shampoo the street vendor used that morning .
soon another addition to our household appeared : minush , who , for some reason , was the only one of anushs offspring to remain with us .
over our chicken that the kids barely noticed thanks to the new addition to the family- they were already romping around in the backyard together- charles tells me about his day .
his blood lubricated the blade , aiding its cut , opening the wound to spores of lavender and fennel , perfumes and flavourings whose addition to the remains of jerian went some way to quelling the fervour of those swarming insects whose purpose was to speed the life-cycle within ...
in addition to a dozen roses , marie receives the following original collection of words from her husband .
she could hear dr. kevin blanchette telling her on her first day that in addition to her other duties to help prepare the residents for life in the community , she was to drop everything and back up any other attendant who was in trouble .
he got expenses and room and board for his four months of work and in addition six thousand shares of the company , which lowell kept in a cardboard box in his apart-ment and regarded as worthless paper .
in addition they always kept a weeks supply of perishables in the refrigerator , milk , fruit and vegetables ; a bushel of apples was kept in the coolest place in the cottage , in the closet on the other side of the cottage from the woodstove .
pre patou was making his way along the two-story addition m. le tourneau had had built onto the old relais two years ago .
when pre patou would drop into the bistro of the old relais to sip a glass of wine in late afternoon before the addition had been constructed , the patrons would be smoking clay pipes while chatting about rain , the size of crops , the prices of grain and fruit and wine , of supplies and commodities .
just as the addition was constructed of a brick faade over cinder block , rather than stucco over stone , so a parking lot had replaced a farm building and macadam had displaced soil and grass .
in addition to dousing the pad with maxi-strength powder , she gave both armpits half a dozen shots of antiperspirant spray .
in addition to our twelve-inch signaling lamps , we carried four thirty-six inch carbon-arc searchlights .
in addition to this , her book brought mainstream awareness to the sensitivity required for better treatment of individuals who are dealing with a fatal disease .
he was the director of the library , an exalted title perhaps , though the reality was that he had four employees in addition to some volunteers and an emergency backup librarian ( annette duval , the former director , now retired ) who came in during vacations or when someone was sick .
when the fourth of their five kids came along they built an addition to make another bedroomlikewise of recycled material .
in addition to writing poetry and raising her daughter nearly on her own because of her husbands sloth , she worked full-time as a nurse .
his daddy had enlarged the scope of the journey over and above the treasure hunt by giving him a specific list of contacts , in addition to the car swap , where he was to drop off or pick up special delivery business packages .
grandmas potatoes were exceptionally delicious because she used a bit of half and half in addition to straight 2 percent milk and the bean salad was always fun with her addition of nopalitos ( deneedled , skinned , spiced , and julienned prickly pear cactus ) to the mix .
but even despite further additions to the koran during the creation of religion , the knowledge that was truly given to mohammed from the archangel gabriel is still there .
in addition to his overnight shifts , he has to sit through meetings that go over different scenarios and try to anticipate anything that could possibly go wrong at midnight 2000 .
in addition to investigating kealeys imaginative material on its own termsa task which proves invigorating in itselfthis strange journey helps us perceive , by contrast , an aspect of joyce not often appreciated .
in addition to being an arranger in ulysses and a rearranger in finnegans wake , joyce in his daily life could be considered a looker-outer , always searching for any new item that could figure into his literary enterprise well enough to make his subversive ideas in his fictional world seem better supported , if not preordained .
this sort of missionary work is done to help us better understand and enjoy the text ( s ) , but i contend thatin addition to whatever else it may bethis is all very much like an enterprise of imperialism .
the days grew dimmer , less distinct , one from the next , night spreading between , and the frost on the earth grew heavier with each addition of fractured dew .
although steven was perfectly fine with being content for the rest of his life , with his routine and scheming dog , he welcomed this addition .
in addition to this blouse , ive got a dozen others , also bought at the goodwill , all of them different .
working in a space so crowded with nameless things wood-handled things with sharp points , and small wooden saucers filled with brightly colored waxes , brushes so fine it was hard to imagine a use for them , vises , and additions to vises , and pieces of gold chain , slivers of bright springs from watches , watch gears , some as large as dimes but mostly smaller than a nail headthat it seemed impossible that he could find the space to move his hands , opa would carve the sentiments of a lover into an engagement ring in a script so small and curlicued that it was difficult to decipher the message .
over the years , the threat of being caught had taught dilly koster how to bolt her treats with the same acumen as a dog would a scrap of steak fat ; however given the inherent unchewability of the hardened marshmallow and with the addition of a huge glob of viscid peanut butter , these treats could only be savored .
in addition , he wanted an answer for how the lid would be lifted on and off if the stem were being used for the nose .
doctors , nurses , family members and friends had come out of the woodwork to tell her that the addition of a little bran to her diet would have prevented her condition .
two cups of coffee , forty minutes , and two sentences later , frank jumps out of the recliner which , with the addition of a restaurant-sized cookie sheet , wide-ruled spiral-bound notebook and fountain pen constitutes his garret , to escape the hounding bitch .
by the time his tour is up , in addition to his own , there are many other kinds of cause and effect lex is willing to leave behind , including a small sad girl with a rounding belly .
in addition to cash , lando kept four marlboro cigarettes ( three of them broken ) and one trojans condom which would deteriorate in its wrapper before lando had any occasion to use it .
you know , that answer could be construed as a tad insulting to the visually impaired , said ms.pembleton , in addition to being somewhat off-the-point .
in addition to what was unmistakably a human skull , there were two or three bones partly uncovered , one of which appeared to be the end of a tibia , one of the few bones a non-medical person might recognize .
it was not only the parents of children currently at the high school who came in from all areas of kalawonta , but others who had some past connection , and many , in addition , who found it an opportunity to meet with folk they rarely saw at other times .
in addition to the five ostensibly patient yet demanding messages on her cell phone , hed left two at home , plus an e-mail , and a text .
taller than annetka but not as tall as zeph , she has long legs and the lithe body of a dancer , with the addition of abundantly developed feminine characteristics .
with a long-handled spoon she mixes the additions into the tomato paste , until it looks like thick lumpy spaghetti sauce .
as he sat in his atlanta hotel room looking back on 2006 , gene ticked off how his competitive urges , market knowledge , friendliness and decision making had made substantial additions to poultristics bottom line .
in addition , the swings steel frame bar had been no more than eight feet in the air , while the gutter was twice that height .
in addition , there were three new bedsone for herbs , both annual and perennial , one for cutting flowers like cosmos , daisies and zinnias , and one holding heirloom varieties of tomatoes and eggplant .
what cosmic purpose would be served by blessing him with stomach cancer in addition to his blood pressure problems ?
looking at the cigar in his fingers , he wondered why anybody had invented the cigarette and why the rules of inhaling had changed with the addition of ette .
which was probably silly because in addition to ancient rome , my dad also knew a lot about other faraway lands and cultures .
our dispute may have lingered in the form of leering gesticulations had it not been for another belated addition to my classroom .
in addition , charcoal depictions of shakespeare , joyce , bronte , twain , dickens , dante , and among others were stationed on the walls around the room like sentinels of the written word .
in addition to his brassy demeanor , lemus owned another characteristic that was impossible to disregard .
i instinctively grabbed a copy of an issue of sports illustrated from the table ; at least it was the swimsuit addition .
in addition to the screwdriver , it now felt like a knife that had been made red hot in a craftsmans forge was being honed along the line of his jaw .
in addition to coughing to try and get his heart back in rhythm , henry had found that imagining just a little piece of his rest-stop heaven was sometimes a good way to distract himself sufficiently for his panic attacks to subside a little .
in addition to the crisp morning air that seemed to have sufficient purity to clean even brunes smoke from the lungs , the sky was just starting to glow pink with the promise of a truly incredible sunrise .
in addition to clearly being more than a little out of shape , miles had other , more serious problems as well .
miles was currently in the process of putting together one of the last-minute additions to the sculpture .
in addition to the professional accolades he and laura could receive as a result of breaking the story , steve also felt good about potentially being able to expose some of the wickedness in an often overly corrupt world .
in addition to the anger that felt intense enough to boil the skin from his body , allan could sense extreme frustration welling up inside of him .
having hundreds of agents from various state and federal agencies in addition to local police , fire , and emergency personnel on site and on the case would only help build the gravitas and presence of the story .
the dining-room/living-room combo was a recent addition to the castle and still carried the grainy smell of new carpet .
and when the fire truck pulled away from the curb , the family followed it , each going in their separate directions , until peter and hannah were alone in the shadow of the charred wood that had once been a beautiful addition to the neighborhood , but was now nothing more than an eyesore .
the special features additions on the dvd contain a lot of comical and serious comments by the movie makers , mac rebenak , ronnie hawkins , mavis staples and the band members which can be listened to as the movie plays .
though private as a child , i went on to make a career out of telling stories first as a daily newspaper reporter , then as a government speechwriter , and now as director of a federal agencys website , where we use tools in addition to words such as videos and photo galleries to tell our stories to the public .
there are also some entertaining video reading excerpts , in addition to the music videos , and my schedule of events is growing every day !
in addition to running literary lunes , beth also runs her blogs , writers advocate , and hallowed writers .
this is partly why i have used , in addition to the conventional narrative written in prose , additional material which is not ( i fear ) exactly poetry but , well , not ordinary prose .
in addition to the spiritual metamorphosis , the movement seeks to achieve profound political and social change .
in addition to being exposed to the most inspiring and enlightened personality joseph had ever encountered , joseph got on famously with the remainder of the group .
in addition to that , angie 's father , who was diagnosed with cancer a year ago , finished his last chemotherapy session yesterday .
the woman nodded her head blissfully , oh yes , he is a bit more expensive than the other o-bousan around , but hes one of the few who accepts jewelry , in addition , to money .
in addition to the shiny rings that adorned each finger , he wore numerous gold chains of varying length and thickness that hung down overtop a robe of the finest purple wormdrool silk .
in addition , each window in these buildings was circular and despite being sealed shut , did not block the passage of sound into and out of the building .
the people of this district were a mix of morellans , drawans , kaiibans , gautamans , in addition to some communities from various islands in the melic archipelago , most of whom were the descendants of comfort women from religious wars centuries earlier .
as for the upstairs , yuri had put a lot of time and work into picking out the right color scheme and patterns for an addition that she decided to build as a nursery for o. as well as a guest room for anyone who happened to pop in from out of town .
in addition , nectar-13 had been shown to accelerate the aging process in the addict to an alarming rate , as well as cause unstable mood swings and an inability to metaphysically comprehend the existence of certain numerical quantities in base-10 ( including the number 13 , which , ironically , made it rather difficult for the chronic user to obtain more of the substance without first going through a rigorous detoxification regimen , orin dire circumstancesto even seek out a druggist well enough aware of the substances effects that he could make sense of the users pleadings for nectar-1101 by means of a simple binary-to-base-10 conversion ) .
we certainly will , ottoman said in a polite , yet formal tone , in addition to the aforementioned charges , we also have aiding and abetting a known war criminal .
despite his deferential manner and self-deprecating , whiny tonewhich appeared to be some method of lulling the mark into a false sense of security and , thus , rendering him open to suggestionmakhan singh seemed to possess , beneath it all , an immutable sense of self-assurance , but in addition to that , the look of a man ensnared by what he perceived to be his own duty .
in addition , jones and matthews managed to excuse seven potential jurors for cause , mostly along liberal-religious lines .
in addition , archaeological excavations had revealed new featuresincluding some scriptural textsof previously obscure religions , such as those of the ancient middle east .
in addition , field anthropologists had begun to compile firsthand accounts of the religions of peoples who previously had been dismissed as savages , a study that contributed a great deal to the general analysis of the role of religion in human societies .
the original rabbis were jewish sages well read in both the scriptures and their own traditions and who based on these studies maintained that god had revealed not one but two torahs to moses on sinai : in addition to the written torah , what we know as the scripture , god also revealed an oral torah , one that has since been faithfully transmitted by word of mouth in an unbroken chain from master to disciple , and that is now only preserved among the rabbis themselves .
benedictions in addition to these daily prayers , jews are required to recite a number of benedictions throughout the day before , performing commandments and before enjoying the bounties of nature .
what has since been dubbed the great rhineland school of talmud commentary began with the musings and commentary writings of 11th-century scholar solomon bar isaac of troyes , a mantle which was donned by his grandsons and studentslater known as the tosaphistswho were to produce the literature of tosaphoth , also known as the additions to rashis talmud commentary .
in addition , israels large non-jewish minoritiesincluding arabs and armenianspractice various forms of islam and christianity .
in addition to distinguishing itself from the hebrew and christian traditions , the new religion also taught that the god of islam had , through the prophets and the quran , provided humanity with the means to know good from evil .
in addition to general moral injunctions ( many of which have their counterparts in all major religions ) , the requirements of islam came to include a number of institutions that continue to characterize islamic religious practice today .
in addition to the five required daily prayers , muslims can perform non-obligatory prayers , some of which have fixed ritual formats and are performed before or after each of the five daily prayers .
in addition to this obvious functional use , these minarets have also become distinguishing elements of mosque architecture , and in large mosques in particular , minarets have the architectural effect of tempering the size and splendor of the dome by conveying the elevation of divinity above the pretensions of human grandeur .
humanitys relationship to god according to islamic tradition and belief , in addition to sending a string of prophets culminating in muhammad , god also manifests his mercy by dedicating all of his creation to the exclusive use and service of humankind .
only two years after muhammad 's arrival in what was now medina , the core community of muslims started to expand , and in medina , in addition to preaching the religious and moral message of islam , muhammad also took to organizing an islamic society ( based on his revelations ) and appointed himself head of state , diplomat , military leader , and chief legislator for the now the growing muslim community .
this belief in the unique and miraculous nature of the quran has led muslims to devote great intellectual energies to the study of its contents and form , and in addition to interpreting the scripture and deriving doctrines and laws from it , many disciplines within quranic studies seek to understand its linguistic and literary qualities as a further expression of its divine origins .
not surprisingly then , several biblical prophets and their stories appear in the quran , some in a condensed form ; other stories , such as those of abraham , moses , and jesus , are given in elaborate detail and some even with subtle revisions and restorative additions .
other additions emerged from the natural tendency to confuse common practices that predated islam with new islamic laws and norms .
in addition to laws pertaining to the five pillars , islamic law also covers such areas as diet , purity , marriage and inheritance , commercial transaction , relationships with non-muslims , as well as criminal law .
in addition to tradition and moral order , dharma also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action ( as well as law and truth ) .
in addition to the duties associated with each stage of life , hinduism also emphasizes duties belonging to all human beings , especially cultivation of truth and nonviolence .
in addition to the tipitaka , there are two non-canonical texts that have gained great authority and influence within theravada buddhism : the milindapanha ( questions of king milinda ) and the visuddhimagga ( path of purification ) .
others still , particularly shopkeepers , arranging their street-side wares even in this cold weather , eyed me with some interest , as if i were some unexpected addition to a routine .
and in the end he found the perfect addition , or pre-dition if you will : yahhwhich meant the one true godthen tagged on hawah to form yahweh , which meant , and still does , the one who provides ( a nation , we assume ) or the one who exists .
he had always taken the counter girls before when he could , but when he stumbled onto this teacher girl , he knew he had to have her , that she would make a much better addition to his project .
and the small man also told the browncoat that in addition to his wifes very giving involvement with his project his daughter worked as a nurse in the mens room she was a vampyric little nympho but she was her fathers little nympho and his own mother at the advanced age of 88 worked as a doctor in the mens room also for his mother too was an inexcusable slut la-la-loved the cock that nigh-nonagenarian cur but how could the small man not love her passion for his passion ( for the excising of the objects of her passion ) .
for a while , they collected plates , cups and bowls in apple crates and sprayed them with cannons specially formulated pre-wash part sugar water ( harnessing insect action to consume organic material ) , part detergent , resulting in self-cleaning dishes with the addition of rain .
in addition to this , she freelances as a journalist for digital journal and manages a design production department .
having to support his parents as well as his own family , in addition to the constant recalls from the army , left my father penniless .
in addition the road was in terrible repair , so that the effects of the accident were not obvious to anyone casually driving down the road .
in addition to her physical beauty , she had a grace and a way that she carried herself that seemed to grow in charm as the years went by .
in addition to this , tammy had enjoyed all of the attentions of being a very attractive woman on a crew of men .
beside it was a plastic container with some cat litter concoction of sorts that mister albert took upon himself to clean and replenish each morning , a job he cheerfully undertook along with many others in the house in addition to his gate guard duties for no extra pay .
in addition to these mainstream parties , there are numerous jihadi tanzeems ( organisations ) that we monitor .
every occupant of every vehicle was told to disembark and then body-searched in addition to metal-detector and dog sniffer checks .
in addition to the usual gear , each patrol now carried a video camera to document all the damage and repair work done on the fence .
there was barely enough space for 2 man crew of the machine gun in the bunker and addition of 2 extra men had left little room for anyone to move without bumping into somebody else .
over the years , chinese had made the island a hub for their maritime patrol vessels in addition to an intelligence gathering outpost .
it was poetic : the liquor , originally a stark green , with the optical properties of water , became cloudy and opaque on addition of that famously clear latter liquid .
its plans for an addition to a house , with brochures for all the materials , but its an addition for our house , said elaine , smiling triumphantly .
and hang the bastards ! in addition to the large support rally that materialized , unbeknownst to jared and the others , the morning after they were captured , will bolster his case for bail reduction .
with these additions to the campaign staff , we returned to the campaign office and found gainsburg instructing our recruits as to what they would be required to do .
the young man had come to the bank with plans to expand the church , to build an addition , primarily in response to the new evangelical church that sprung up in 1990 and began to siphon followers from the catholic flock .
in addition to classic sci-fi novels , he turns out to have been the script writer for two of the greatest twilight zone episodes of all time the one about the gremlin on the airplane , and the one about the little girl who slips through an inter-dimensional rip in her bedroom .
in addition to his bathrobe and slippers , he wears a towel tied at the neck and draped over one shoulder , like a cape , and he seems to be waving an imaginary sword as he struts about .
in addition , i can write with the hand in the english , and i can have mistakes in the english- kane : i see .
kane : what if the man you killed was a musician- what if he would 've been a great addition to the band ?
he was not in a position to approach new officers to sell items of clothing to them ; in addition , army regulations forbade impersonating an officer , and possession of an officers uniform could easily lead to trouble .
in the process , he found a dirty slouch cap that he pulled on as a further addition to his disguise .
colling had straightened out both lockers before he noticed the extra footlocker in the room in addition to the one at the foot of his cot .
in addition , it appears that mr. krazinsky and the blonde american woman known as either elzbieta or delores warrencliffe , take your choice ; as well as this german couple , the breitmanns , escaped from the custody of the polish criminal police while charged with the murder of an elderly polish woman in the south of the country .
were his gifts of her own suite and maid as well as luxurious gowns in addition to the royal education all in preparation for theormi to become a queen and accompany him in his aerie ?
in addition to that , the only genes that appear to have fully taken was the genes of the extinct galian beast creature .
in addition , the bear cub learned how to dig holes for root cellars and how to prepare the ground for a garden in the spring .
chef stirred on , in more ways than one , before saying : the secret addition , to bring it to fruition he left the words standing , as if a question .
these new additions to the more traditional student body did their homework more conscientiously than the kids who lived in the neighborhood and almost never talked back .
it should be said that chucks departure from the band right before recording hurt our group-gestalt , but the addition of renny white on bass was a real plus .
my name appeared on them all as editor , though , in truth , my only addition to the stream which is literature , was to make subjects and verbs agree ( sometimes when they stubbornly seemed unwilling to , fighting like kilkenny cats ) , clean up any language that strayed from the somewhat rocky path which is english grammar , take out the names of famous people in far-fetched tales of sexual misconducts ( to stave off lawsuits , obviously ) and substitute names of my own invention .
in addition to running literary lunes , beth also runs her blogs , writers advocate , and hallowed writers .
i feel for the populace of reh , a chieftain by the name of greenly , the newest addition to the national council , had stood in the latest council assembly to say , as reported to constance by commander alexander afterward .
she and staid spent the afternoon frolicking around with the children who heartily welcomed this addition of playmates into their group , albeit the newcomers were grownups , and important ones at that .
addition and subtraction gave way to multiplication and division , to fractions and decimals , and from there relentlessly onwards into the unknown .
now all that remained was to put into action his own part of the plan , his individual addition , his personal creation .
at the time these events seemed only a show , not much more than melodrama acted upon a stage , the people an innocuous addition .
that friggin statue had given me a message : case johnson had looked into bandits eyeholes searching for lines of flux of invisible juicethe creative spirit and unthrottled ambition that ( in addition to good musicianship ) gives a young band poise and presence onstage .
in addition to teaching , brad has held a wide variety of day jobs over the yearsincluding cowboy , corporate engineer , truck dock loader , stay-at-home dad , and nightclub drummer .
helping families grow never got old and she loved seeing others in her community blessed with new additions .
we say it is at rest but it is in fact in motion in the earths inertial field - it is moving at a constant velocity made up of the addition of the earth rotation , the earth orbit , the suns orbit around the galaxy , the galaxys motion around a great cluster of more massive galaxies and other unknown combined cluster motions .
usually nads and frisky did the tea round , but it was suggested to brannigan that a part-time tea lady would be a great addition to the place .
in addition to kicking the one banker and throwing punches toward anyone official who came near , they had overturned furniture and knocked aside the banks video monitors and paper displays .
fortunately a moderate northerly wind had sprung up behind us , so that the dinghy was thrust forward by the chasing waves , a welcome addition to the combined thrust of the oars .
she now had three things on her wall of fame for all her friends to see , two framed letters and a framed picture ; she knew with the addition of the picture her room would be a popular gathering place again for everyone to peer at the photo and just as before , offer endless opinions on what was happening .
his parents had good jobs that provided sufficient income to support a family vacation to north america each year , the desired gifts and purchases for birthdays and christmas in addition to a well-stocked pantry , bar and pocket for each of the residents in the household .
julia had been with him when he chose it , and he had placed it around crystals neck at their wedding , in addition to setting a band on her finger .
i am also very much indebted to my dear friend and fellow author deborah bryan , who in addition to beta-reading ripple is the first person i call whenever i want to talk about any and every aspect of writing .
in addition , the district court presided every day of the week over traffic and misdemeanors , and fairfax county ran an efficient yet chaotic district court docket .
in addition , mr. clarke decided it was not worth the expense to dna test each of you to determine who donated the urine to warren .
from her experience as a field engineering assistant she already has a basic understanding of how we function , and from her years with the company we know her as a talented , dedicated individual who will be a welcome addition to our team .
claude sat in the seat of a forklift , and gino lounged on a pile of crates , tossing chewy chocolates into the air and catching them in his mouth , leaving the ones he missed to become gummy additions to his coworkers bootsoles .
i therefore suggested a second addition ; gim me between general penalty and golf carts that should direct readers to page 188 .
in addition to books , the beggars of azure offered tables in a caf setting where patrons could refresh themselves and relax , spend a few minutes or a few hours with a favored or newly discovered literary treasure .
all of the sons of baron augwys had received private instruction , in addition to the normal class-structured schooling , from sir nickleby , as part of his duties to the baron .
when his mail finally arrived , in addition to a handful of colorful postcards from various locations , a flimsy aerogram was propped up on top of a pile of store circulars and junk mail .
in addition to the rhodes she used a second keyboard called a string machine from which she drew an ethereal density leaving johnny in no doubt that theyd have to get their hands on one of their own .
were doing two gigs per night sometimes , stu said before listing the anti-club , troubadour and mccabes guitar shop in addition to the whisky .
as his attacker spun linda felt , in addition to her panic , nausea welling as she recognised the man facing her .
they cited threats to national security from pakistan and dravida , in addition to challenges of drought and the oil crisis , which had crippled the economy .
in addition , the fact that the final outcome did not depend on him alone but on the will of all the individuals he had included in his endeavor made the endeavor all the more appealing and as far as he was concerned all the more just .
situated on the corner of the main road and a side street , it had seen several additions to the original structure over the years .
like pentobarbital formulations which , in addition to acting as the perfect suicide tool also make you feel relaxed and high and even hallucinate .
outdoor staircases connected level one and level twothe original to the front and an addition to the back .
now that mrs. norris was a widow , to have fanny living with her would be very suitable ; and as he had borne some losses on his west india estate , in addition to his eldest son 's extravagance , he wished to be relieved from the expense of her support .
such was the state of affairs in july ; and fanny had just reached her eighteenth year , when the village received an addition in the brother and sister of mrs. grant , a mr. and miss crawford , the children of her mother by a second marriage .
miss crawford 's attention was called from fanny by tom bertram 's telling her , with regret , that he found it impossible to take the part of anhalt in addition to the butler .
it would really be gratifying to see them all again , and a little addition of society might benefit them ; and as to yourself , you must feel yourself so wanted there , that you can not in conscience keep away , when you have the means of returning .
he ate his usual plate of cereal and tried to turn his mind from the dream and the new addition to his arm , but it continued to pulse slightly , and that quiet reminder made it difficult for him to ignore it .
theres a man called richard dakin who , in addition to opposing quack , has made it his duty to prevent david gratton from opening the fez .
there were four recent additions to the cemetery : eugenes father frank , 1901-1968 ; gene and sharons son casey , 1976-1980 ; their daughter molly , 1982-1989 rested beneath new polished red granite tombstones .
the one addition laura did not notice was the huge traveler granite boulder that eugene had dropped at the beginning of a new row where his two children lay .
as eugene and sharon had become more successful and the children arrived , and had then renovated the farmhouse and made the additions , all the poor old furniture was replaced with beautiful older things , with histories of other people .
in addition to this respect for the land there is also a sense of both reverent fear and vicious defensiveness when it comes to the countrys climate .
her and chuck plan to open a viewing area for our newest addition , and you get to talk to folks and their kids about the horses , their babies , ridin , and such .
after breakfast later , why dont you two take some of the posters into town and let folks know about our new addition .
in addition , there must have been certain adaptations that some of these creatures had taken on in order to exist outside of their native saltwater environments and in this colder freshwater habitat .
he had migrated to every corner of the planet and had left no meaningful trace of himself in any of the places hed visited save for his blood , his feces , his tears , his sweat , his seminal fluids , his dead skin cells , his hair , his nail clippings , and his countless other kinds of organic material ( naturally , in addition to these were the various pollens , spores , insects , fungi , rodents , birds , crustaceans , worms , planktons , and the millions of other unidentifiable microorganisms that had also migrated with him ) .
in addition , he tended to be unnecessarily emotional in his decision-making , relying more often on his inconstant moods to determine what common sense dictated in each situation , than on logical reasoning .
one such visitor was the prophet of her youth , morell : a man who , largely thanks to the inspiration hed gained through his visits with her as a child , had summoned a rather sizeable religious following for himself , in addition to a reputation , far and wide , as a spiritual revolutionary .
emmanuel mused quietly on the notion of a human society guided with greater compassion , but also with greater ambition and clarity in the direction of its absolute potential ; a human society in which wars ( however destructive and violent ) were declared more out of big-picture necessity than out of self-serving greed ; a human society which retained as its virtue the overall betterment and progress of its kind , in addition to the betterment of those other species with which it coexisted .
he was worried that the court of blueberry was not fully apprised of the situation on the ground , so he took it upon himself to recount for the men his own involvement with the resistance , in addition to any other details he felt were pertinent to the current state-of-affairs as he understood it .
the criteria by which candidates were selected were not easy to hammer down ; in fact they were quite inconsistent and based largely on the personal feelings of the judges on the committee , in addition to any estimations which could be made regarding the amount of influence the selected awardees would thereupon have over the daily lives of the republics people .
they undertook a massive construction project , bringing in investments from private donors , some of whom wished for a museum wing to be added to bring in exhibitions of fine art , and some of whom asked for a yamian cultural center to be added to the top floor , as well as a library full of books by noted historians of the republic on the true roots of yamian heritage ; in addition to this , some donors requested that displays full of primitive ceramics and weaponry be placed in the lobby outside the seating area ; nature-loving donors asked that a 15-acre arboretum be founded adjacent to the building where species of flora native to yami could be preserved and appreciated by tourists from roped off gravel paths .
in addition , it was necessary to be aware that she , too , could possibly deceive herself , and that her affections were just as likely to change from moment-to-moment as his .
and he remembered briefly that hed had some unusual dreams about an abandoned ghost town hed passed through once called yamiodd dreams about events that had never transpired in reality that included an unlikely mix of characters he knew from various other places and moments in his life ( including an oddly heartfelt cameo by his ex-wife , pinky satyajit ) , in addition to a host of other characters whom he had never known or met , but whom he could only assume were elements of his imagination , perhaps even reformulations of people he already knewone of the characters told a lot of digressive stories , which reminded him of rakesh-7 , and another character had reminded him in some ways of his mother , yuri , but only when she was angry .
he had shaggy salt and pepper brows , in addition to the beard , it made him look as if he had just come from a hidden mountain cave .
in addition , i 've come to look up to daniel plainview as a man who knows how to achieve his dreams , using any means necessary .
in addition , friends and family offered us help and support , and i saw , through the eyes of my heart , how incredibly lucky we all were to be on the receiving end of all that generosity and compassion .
my little fling with the twin-quin years ago was an anomaly , a fools ploy which had more to do with bad addition than addiction .
in addition , since i am to be replaced in several days , i would prefer that more discoveries be made and credited to me as opposed to my successor .
in addition , with a peace deal being signed at that very moment , it seemed all the more pointless .
he didnt know for sure , but could only assume that these fineries were the result of generations of raids , stealing the wealth of the aristocracy , perhaps in exchange for ( or in addition to ) their blood .
gen inspects the spinach lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , bell peppers , red onions , black olives , in addition to our select meats , cheeses and dressings .
a rickety leaning city , oaka thought to himself ; he had noticed the additions that had been made to the smiling stallion inn and other buildings in his hometown over the centuries , but those looked much smoother compared to the ones in coe anji .
if only she could return to the comfortable pieties of her childhood when christmas and birthdays were the highlights which lit up the landscape for weeks before and after and the stars were simply twinkling additions to the night .
until now , these small family disputes did not concern her much , but with an addition of another to the family , she did not want her daughter-in-law to suffer any embarrassment .
in addition , he had time to organise parties with his friends and to observe how `` sunshine '' turned into the best club in the city .
in addition , when she stepped in and looked around and he saw her eyes , he was n't able to move at all .
in addition , if she did n't have met him she would n't have managed to stitch her wound as fast and professional as he did it .
in addition , she was n't feeling comfortable by eating alone while julian was watching her all the time .
in addition , sebastian was very proud to present a girl for whom he was waiting for the whole evening .
in addition , she drank it as if it was something she was doing daily or as if she did n't feel the heat at this moment .
sometimes they wanted to have a short summary of the translated text in addition to the translation and with such tasks mia was the best .
in addition , it was a great feeling for jonas to torture her , to make her suffer , to see how effectively he can hurt her and then to realize his plan .
in addition , at this time she remembered her father talking to his patients : you should not exaggerate with this medicine , if you feel pain , it is a sign of whats going on with your body .
in addition , jonas apparently could n't read minds , because he was always asking her questions and he wanted to get answers .
in addition , i cant read your mind , but i assume julian cant do it either , otherwise , he would already be here .
in addition , when she left the train and stood there like a dumb all evening and half of the night , it was only because of me that she was n't attacked or approached .
in addition , there was a black , gloomy light streaming out of her as if he would suck out her energy .
the only hard files duraleigh prosecutors carried around nowadays were just folders with yet to be converted file additions such as plea forms to be signed or witness statements taken outside the office .
and she has to compile the nutrition readings on each brand and variety of spaghetti sauce , from ragu to paul newman and even sometimes those suspicious brands that make their way into the store from some stray chinese container ship : comparing the carbs to the protein and the fat to the sodium ( ruby has congestive heart failure in addition to her galloping , or limping , osteoporosis ) , and balancing all of them against the calorie count , although she weighs only 89 pounds .
the prize pool would gradually increase as this concept took off ; in addition to commissions on the sales , the employees received a bonus for 15 demos and/or for every 100 cards they handed out - a hundred cards the equivalent of one demo .
in addition to thick moustaches , the men all wear khaki pants and polo shorts , in other words total cheese balls , and the middle aged blonde , like all older women who drink too much and dress too provocatively and are just a shade too friendly toward strangers , comes across as a slut .
moving right along on this logical progression of thought , then , it stands to reason that the three quarters of a rum bottle he has upstairs might make an excellent addition to this trip .
ricks doing six months and owes about $ 4,000 in fines , in addition the $ 2,000 he spent for basically no reason on a lawyer , and this doesnt take into the account the lost wages he is currently unable to support his family with as hes locked up .
in addition , he is completely helpless and unable to manage the most basic requirements of subsistence .
in addition to the blackmail , she believed that her religion mandated that she marry him because they had slept together .
in addition to all of the sunscreen she already had on , the umbrella would make sure the sun did not stand a chance at getting to her skin .
in addition , he was dating a girl that enabled his behavior and participated in a lot of the same activities .
he was out on bond still pending trial for the jewelry store , in addition to burglarizing a shoe store on the same spree .
and now in addition to mom 's words about stopping his heartbeat echoing through my mind , i had dorothy 's rough voice echoing as well .
in addition , she had to gather educational material and make lesson plans for the russian tutoring business that she was about to start .
she really couldnt tell a difference ; there were still a lot of people , and the band still got a lot of applause after each song , more so now that their performance had been elevated with the addition of billies drums .
she talked her boss into hosting a weekly photography workshop and that helped boost revenue tremendously as the students invariably made more purchases afterward , in addition to paying a fee for the class .
ivan put up posters of marine mammals on his walls , and started his own collection of seashells in addition to the jar sofia gave him , which he placed prominently on his nightstand .
in addition , of course the entrepreneur would n't think twice about paying a retention fee to retain panasia as an adviser .
in addition , mrs. davilow always made a quiet , picturesque figure as a chaperon , and mr. gascoigne was everywhere in demand for his own sake .
gwendolen , recovering herself , answered , i dare say i have been extremely ill taught , in addition to having no talent only liking for music .
it would be most remarkable , said mrs. gascoigne , if mr. grandcourt were to become lord stannery in addition to everything else .
mirahs purse was a handsome one , and lapidoth found himself considering what it would fetch in addition to the sum it contained , and what prospect there was of his being able to get more from his daughter without submitting to penance under the eyes of that formidable son .
his band consisted of him and a few friends from college , two other yalies and a kid from columbia , who was a more recent addition .
if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an addition copy for each recipient .
in addition to the long wait , under the hot sun , when it finally became your turn , it took tremendous effort to hoist the water from so far below .
thick with angry shading , this new addition to the drawing was more like the expressive style of the van gogh drawings he had originally hoped to emulate .
chapter seventeen the next morning 's breakfast in bed came with the addition of a half of grapefruit , presumably in an attempt to get more vitamin c inside theo .
it wasnt long before kyle became a full-time addition to our table in the pub , sharing the walk with us when the weather was good , and forcing taxi drivers to put his garage tapes on when it wasnt .
the art room was in that section of the school , and in addition to having no windows ; it was noticeably colder than the rest of the building .
and this pleased him very much , for in addition to having an ulcer , cirrhosis of the liver , poor circulation , and the interesting condition up in the file cabinet that experts called schizophrenia ( all this at the tender age of 46 ) , elroy was a bone fide alcoholic , and it had been months upon months since last he 'd gone on a good toot .
for the first time it occurred to him that elroy was one slice short of a loaf in addition to being a drunk .
`` there are , '' corrected l. dudley fitzgibbon , doubly shocked at what he perceived to be an error of grammatical number in addition to the breach of proper diction in the contraction .
in addition to michael and gabriel , a quorum of angels including raphael , uriel , metatron , and zadkiel were present to oversee healing , divine inspiration , helping children and compassion .
in addition to tracking down scams , pornography , drugs , hazardous materials , and people who steal checks from mailboxes , theyve got a lot of experience with this kind of thing..but , no , well just keep an eye on it for now to see if it escalates .
in addition , she had a briefcase of paints , brushes , small rolled up canvasses , a light portable easel .
in addition , the newly-parked car behind her had left only an inch between itself and her trunk , just as she had been forced to leave only an inch between the front of her car and the one ahead .
during its other proceedings , the following persons , in addition to a witness being examined , may , as the occasion requires , also be present : ( 1 ) an interpreter , if needed .
in addition , the election for the higher office is statewide , even though judges run for and serve in a specific geographical district , the same as the district judges whose electors live only in the district .
on this second bus , in addition to various phone conversations that sterling has little choice but to follow one a spat with a girlfriend , another about aunt maries second heart attack there is conflict between muffled sounds .
in addition there are various invitational competitions for which , unlike the ones above which are characterized as advancing or elimination tournaments , their motto is : you pay , you box .
in addition sara has invited many of her artistic schoolmates who sterling ( referring to them as artsy-fartsy ) dutifully chats with but cant pay attention to .
in addition to a six-pack of condoms ( indicating the trips didnt need to borrow but three from sterling to achieve their master plan ) there is a baggie of pot , some cigarette papers , a lighter , a spoon , a votive candle , a syringe , a length of heavy duty elastic , two sets of colored wrist bands , all unused but with the appropriate trip name written on each .
in addition the role his mother played in his forced circumcision , in the name of disease prevention , fits her profile as a vengeful mom .
in surat thani , in the deep south , i remember at the age of four getting lost in mannequins in a department store ; out of a fear of being scolded , convincing my friend that we should wipe our muddy shoes on a neighbors doormat as that was what doormats were meant for , incurring the neighbor ladys wrath instead of that of our own respective families , or perhaps in addition to themi am really not sure ; playing alone in the street , nearly hit by a motorist screeching to a halt and the driver accosting my grandmother hurling his insults at her , which effected my banishment to her bedroom , crying on the white handmade blanket under the beds mantle with its radio playing the mellifluous sounds of traditional music , the legends of thai story and dance , which even now resonates in the same cognate sympathy and lugubriousness as it had back then ; my grandmother exercising to the instructions of a host to a television program ; the morning smells of fruit , coffee , and rice and curry ; my grandfathers yellow straw hat and gloves when going to the orchard , and my grandmother kissing him goodbye whenever he was about to go away ; hearing the inveigling music of the ice cream truck and running toward it with some coins my grandmother had given to me which i clutched tightly ; the smell of tar emanating from roads during the summer heat and of oil on telephone or electrical polesagain , i do not remember the specificity , but only those smells ; and the yellow bus that would take my cousin , donned in a raincoat to schoolshe who was also abandoned by her parents to their care , no doubt also due to the factors of poverty and desperation .
and of poor farmers with their huts on stilts , like cabins along a river bank , any little addition of an extra room tacked onto the structure or a motorcycle parked in front of it , and one has proven to neighbors and self that he is not stagnating in time but moving with it to possess , making more material the adumbration of self , and garnering the neighbors admiration up to a point so long as it does not go much further than his or her own social economic status ; for to go beyond it would be considered inordinate and would incur his or her enmity .
she has a very few spotty freckles until you look closely , and in addition should be leading a much more sedate life .
in addition there are : gramma helouise , `` beau 's '' gramma ; dame gretchley , a character/minister with brown hair , blue eyes , a viet/korean face , and a bulldog mentaility ; thomas dalieken , an italian , sympatico to the severely impressed and others ; mabel `` school '' jones , a nice middle-aged plump auteuse who writes history novels `` pretty good , for a boat-owner , '' also tending bar : dave velasquez velasquez , a handsome young hispanic man , `` dead '' at 29 , temporary prince of the air ; and one fred , of wabash , wa , whose major life 's goals are to merely walk and drive fast again-and to eat rocky road .
in addition , or perhaps in relationship to permanently leaving home , he also figured he 'd be gay .
and , in addition to divisiveness , there is also , also this weird little old thing called getting ready for the after-life ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
the burning flesh smell re-attracts yoga , who proceeds to eat me in addition to the other extremely intolerable and unspeakable pains .
pretty soon them electrons ( a nickname by which i immediately vow to always refer to them ) , in addition to marching in a circle around us , begin to chant .
in addition , the french and british expected the war to develop into trench warfare much like the great war .
also , during operation tannenberg , nearly 20,000 poles were shot at 760 mass execution sites by special units , the einsatzgruppen , in addition to regular wehrmacht , ss and selbstschutz .
in addition to the german landings in south and central norway , the admiralty was also informed via press reports that a single german destroyer was in narvik .
in addition raf habbaniya was also a training base and was protected by a small detachment of raf ground forces and locally raised iraqi troops .
the fortress eventually fell on 8 november , yielding enormous amounts of supplies and equipment , in addition to 15,000 pows .
in addition to the territorial ambitions of both hitler and stalin , the contrasting ideologies of germany and the soviet union made an eventual conflict between them likely .
in addition to 12th army , panzergruppe guderian was to be used in the attack with four panzer divisions and two infantry , his forces were primarily to blitz towards bern , and capture it before the swiss could fully realize what was going on .
on her tenth birthday her parents , both obscure civil engineers working for the japanese government , signed their daughter to a multimillion-dollar recording contract , in addition to twenty international tour dates with the tokyo philharmonic orchestra .
mr. conor had brought , in addition to the baseball bat , one of the completed house projects from her geometry class .
in addition to being connected to other worlds belted by the great piers , each great arch is transuniversally tangential to a world beyond sight and time .
and by sea after the konigsberg was finally destroyed by british gunboats in the rufiji delta ; not however before her crew had dismounted all her guns and ammunition which made a welcome addition to the fire-power of von lekkos land forces .
however ataturk had many enemies ; in addition to the greek threat in the south the allies had occupied istanbul in march 1920 and were co-operating with a puppet government established there .
in addition , two other drivers had skidded on the spilled water , crashing to add to the destruction .
about the author in addition to being a ya author , lisa nowak is a retired amateur stock car racer , an accomplished cat whisperer , and a professional smartass .
just look at the amount of your deductions in addition to your mortgage and property tax credits , there is : $ 54 billion for the per child tax credit ; $ 40 billion in deducting state and local taxes ; $ 35 billion in religious and charitable deductions ; and $ 24 billion was deducted because people didnt have to pay taxes on some of their retirement contributions .
the roof is in desperate shape , and the siding is more like air-conditioning , and the additions tacked on are so awful she choked to a halt .
in addition to surfing the articles covered politics , cookery and yoga , in short , a guide to living the good life .
there are , in addition , the five senses , the thrice sixwhich is the number of the beast , the seven sins , thetwelve houses of the heavens and the twenty-four hours of theday .
the merpeople are as damned as the arthropods of endon , for they are , in addition , cruel satiric jokes created by satan who has taken the holy and sacred image of our lord , in whose likeness men are made , and replaced the lower limbs with the tail of a fish , a form of life lower than even an ox .
in addition to these two aspects there is also the sinful presence of a royal family in the kingdom of cats .
and in addition , the local party official also guides the community in the ways of illiberal socialist doctrine , weeds out the shirkers and malcontents , and ensures that everyone is happy with their lot .
the addition of tasteless milk from the sachet or sugar cubes in paper covers did nothing to improve the taste nor the temperature .
large enough indeed to accommodate a rhinoceros , a hippopotamus and a rather fat man in addition to hubert and ourselves .
the bill was written on the same rolled up and folded ticket that the smart ass waiter had previously shown him , but in addition to combo 6 break , it also noted six cups of coffee ( coff x 6 ) and several other dishes this guy could not quite make out .
to move away from the dennys in a straight line or even a finely calibrated zig-zag too strongly suggested a situation of out and out flight ( the true situation to be sure ) but any path that made a circle ( in addition to failing in the main objective of getting the hell away from the dennys ) suggested out and out imposture ( also the true situation to be sure ) .
in addition to a pulled pork sandwich , large dr. pepper and french fried potatoes , channie had eaten half of joshs onion rings .
it took all her human strength in addition to every last bit of enchantments power to fight the darkness inside her that wanted joshs baby to die .
but the feather bed and pile of quilts aunt wisdom had given them in addition to their combined body heat and the occasional warmth spell had been enoughuntil two nights ago when the weather turned bitterly cold .
timothy king author of from the ashes of courage thisunique addition to the paranormal romance genredeals with teenage sexuality in a nuanced yet discreet way ... recommended for fansof the twilight series , harry potter , or paranormal romance in general .
in addition to your caustic sarcasm , she said , already on the move , pumping so fast i could barely keep pace , it 's that wounded look of yours .
he probably would have broken something , and in addition to whatever misery he might experience as a result of the accident , it would just become more fodder for vernon 's repertoire of horror tales .
now , in addition to feeling awful about kennedy , the children in the room were made to feel terrible about even living in the same state where the assassination took place-guilt by association .
in addition to leaving abra a half million dollars , she left five of her former students $ 100,000 each .
he hadnt even thought about the custom addition to the boots for over a year , put there by his once best friendthe same ah puch hed only hours ago been accused of killing for gold .
even the addition of what the locals refer to as 'the burbs ' appear no more substantial than planets orbiting a dead star .
encompassing the entire thirty- foot length of the entrance hallway , he had failed to notice the addition from the outside .
in addition to the normal curriculum , classes in military history , strategy and tactics , as well as four years of required civics inculcated a higher level of patriotism in hts students .
with pip as the more obvious leader , fast and nimble , they made a good team , especially with the addition of jonathan , who was his usual reckless risk taking self .
in addition to bottles , vials , cauldrons and other containers , the catalog included two long lists , one labeled `` ready-mixed , '' the other `` for the purist . ''
in addition , he knew that the following days would bring the gm public relations brass into town , and also that the owners of the paper would be interested in what he had to say before this thing was finished .
with the addition of a hand-knit afghan blanket , they made the chair as comfortable as possible for mrs. hubbard to sit in and receive her guests .
and with the sudden addition of the dorsey children , just as quickly as they had started , the tears dried uphe now appeared on the verge of laughter .
with the addition of the dorsey children , tommys admirers had turned away : one tearful blonde boy was cute .
when it came down to it , a person just meeting doug and also keith might well find a good deal in common in addition to the fact that they had both married me .
at least one or two sites offered slightly more academic sounding descriptions of such things in addition to the astrology and dream analysis buttons to click .
when in fact it was true the adventures of kirk and spock had ignited numerous frank discussions in addition to the sheer fun of it all , from politics to history to girls .
i saw his face again , and saw that in addition to the annoyance about my phone call ( and presumed obsession about the occult ) he had carried in that frown a flicker of concern , not for me but for his daughter .
i was fine with that , although i thought perhaps some of them wished for a bit of actual male presence in addition to the fictional darcys and knightleys who populated austens world .
baking with her grandmother was a yearly tradition lacy treasured , and she was happy with the addition of her grandfather this year .
`` $ 3,600 , so we 'd be looking at another five hundred per month additional taxes , and , of course , the addition of a $ 725 maintenance fee . ''
they had a good laugh about it and then spent the rest of the evening talking about a hundred other things , including the new addition to their family due in six months .
in addition , it was a pleasure to read a sci-fi novel without objectionable language and explicit sexual content .
millie said , yes with a few minor additions to the interior equipment specifications such as for example mounting of communications gear , holders and laptop stand .
the whole arrangement , except for the addition of phones , looked remarkably like a night school computer classroom .
the travelodge stakeout team was increased to four and would monitor every sound inside and out , in addition to the remote cameras .
there was a last minute addition to the procession that drove up the road to park between the house and the barn .
in addition to the dishonorable discharge , a separation program number designator of 361 appeared on the form .
in addition to the local news van , the camera revealed a white news van from sacramentos kcra tv and two newspaper reporters , amy apcarian from the ledger dispatch and a man moffat recognized from the sacramento bee .
in addition to falcone and ferguson , the last page had two other men with miners flat home addresses .
then the process came more to resemble the construction of an arch , in which the structure can not support itself until the addition of the last piece , the keystone .
as editor of three scientific journals and author of a dozen reviews and monographs , he possessed an instinct for clarity in expression and ruthlessly suppressed any additions of unnecessary verbiage or unwarranted speculations .
`` so now you presume that , in addition to the bribery motivation , he is interested in me as a 'system of knowledge ' or for my 'impact on society ' .
he could not have attained his early promotion , even at essex u where grace and favour played the principal part , without some original scholarship in addition to his ph.d. thesis .
and for most people , except the hypercholesterolemics who are a minority among us , the benefits of the excellent protein provided by the lowly-egg far outweigh the small addition to our ldl 's .
since your mr. bilotti treated them so horribly , an addition of two hundred thousand dollars to their bank account seems appropriate . ''
in addition to removing the hidden backdoor included in most encryption programs at the request of the nsa and homeland security , he had added an additional level of encryption so the original encrypted file was also encrypted again .
the bad news first what i have is that it appears this guy is a magician the cell phone traced back to what they call a throw away a pay as you go type and it looks like the purchasers information is bogus the address went to a location that would be the center of the coliseum parking lot if there actually were houses still there my guess is that all the rest of the info including the name is also fictitious and although we could determine which cell tower the call was being transmitted from , that only limits it to a five or six mile radius of the tower he could have been just passing by at the time in addition to all that , benny did an analysis on the voice bad news there too looks as if the caller was using some kind of synthesizer to disguise his voice benny said that the voices wave form was electronically produced something about the peaks being clipped i didnt understand it all but suffice to say it looks like a dead end as far as tracing the phones user or the exact call location at this point .
the old iconic bridge on which the great north run hordes massed every year , and the more recent addition , the retractable , crescent-shaped millenium bridge , provided an impressive frame for the picture .
it was quite a prestigious addition to the mercedes , and got parrish more high-flying clients than he expected .
it was beginning to shape up in terms of names and dates , the ink still wet on the latest addition : july , 1990rebecca ashmont joins payson church .
in addition to the music , i heard the hum of the conversations of several dozen men and women , who were engaged in playing games .
i would have said `` touch '' but we were entering my father 's cubicle , which was large enough to have several comfortable chairs in addition to a table that served as his desk .
in addition , i taught them how to back up their resume files to the diskettes they were issued by emerge and take them from computer to computer .
i asked arrow , `` do we know how many shares james needs in addition to elma 's in order to get control ? ''
nobody else noticed and she continued , `` our best guess is that if he can get proxies for another 15 percent of the shares outstanding in addition to what he and elma have between them he can swing it . ''
in addition to assisting walk-in visitors , she answered telephone calls and pounded on a computer keyboard at something approaching the speed of light .
in addition , it would have destroyed the magic and the meaning of the moment to wake up together , with morning breath and morning reality .
in addition , i had ethical questions about working for james , even though i knew i would learn a lot .
in addition , although the rope was light , its weight changed my balance as i coiled more and more of it around my left shoulder .
`` in addition , james told both me and the police that he knew where ned 's business meeting was that evening because they were scheduled to get together later to talk about dionysus , which , by the way , is why ned told me to meet him at james ' .
he was vain enough that , in addition to whatever subject he was researching , he allowed himself to be sidetracked , looking up articles he had written .
ray was both amused and annoyed to find that , in addition to the usual smell of sweat and disinfectant , the place reeked of teen-agers in heat .
in addition , it was probably true that her being friendly with him would not do her reputation any good in her own circle .
in addition to all that , the social standing of the families in the place of origin factored in as well .
he was reputed to be involved in money laundering in addition to regular laundry service , but they never were able to get enough evidence to bring charges .
it seems that in addition to inheriting his father 's businesses , aurelio inherited his father 's last wife as well .
last item : apparently , in addition to the accounting scam at techtron , there was something else going on .
in addition to the weather , the hourly newscast reported that the police had found sumners car in a mall parking lot in erie , pennsylvaniathe same city where his youngest son went to school .
in addition to the jeff resnick mysteries , bartlett also writes the new york times bestselling and agatha-nominated booktown mystery series under the name of lorna barrett .
< < in addition to that , any familiar lives the full human length of almost a century , only ageing as the human does .
i question that the ability to conjure himself from place to place necessarily makes him more powerful than you , but he would certainly make a useful addition to our side if we ever find who to fight .
this 'new boy ' from earth was not only working twice as fast as they could together but he was , in addition , separating the grain into the store .
if you should offend again , however slightly , the full two years of this sentence will then be served in addition to any other sentence that any further offence should carry .
the wall , complete with etched-in authentic graffiti ( overlaid with more modern additions ) had around the circumference panels broken , missing or appearing to tilt to one side , in representation of how the berlin wall looked that famous night , when those held behind it for so long took to it with pick-axes and lump-hammers .
in addition to her beauty , she had courage and determination that no amount of money could improve upon .
in addition to the usual matching set of sagging steel cots and bare closets , one had an old pine clothes-bureau .
in addition , the pesticide used was the one i found in the family garagepurchased by her just days before .
in addition to nearly a quarter of a million dollarssafely hidden in a variety of banks under a variety of namesmark managed to snag a half-full prescription pad .
it was an odd looking house , a mixture of the old and newa ranch house many years ago with a second floor addition put on later , in a different style .
but in addition to dna hits on the rope for kara and the four victims , there was an unidentified female source .
the room was large enough for two chairs and a small table in addition to the other furniture , but it was tight .
in addition to a pb and j sandwich , the pack contained my best corduroy shorts and an aloha shirt i carefully selected to wear to jennifer ryans later that day .
in addition to the perimeter , a jagged crack in the lower half of the door looked like a bolt of lightning , the light peeking out there as well .
in addition to his affiliation with the kgb , sokolov made regular trips to southern california to learn about the art of filmmaking .
jack told me that , in addition to his deliveries in germany , he had specific instructions on how and when to deliver mobergs rolls of film to the ocean plaza hotel .
in addition to the occasional commercial , jennifer had gotten him parts in four of her movies in the past three years .
it says : on or about april second of this year , the state of texas annexed the property known as the pender addition of southwestern robertson county , texas , for the purposes of constructing a multi-lane throughway as a part of the state highway system .
several additions along with modernized utilities helped the home grow into a rather large , historical house .
officials say that if anything , a permit had not been acquired for the addition to the property ; and even more , a commercialized tower is a violation of zoning ordinance in the residential area .
but in the unusual frame of mind , combined with a need to explore the new addition to the tree goddess painting , steve rose from his seat and immediately placed his hands on kelly 's shoulders while rubbing and caressing them .
in addition , wayne visited mapleview wireless solutions for an inexpensive cell along with unlimited texting and data .
it was such a horrible thing for alexi to experience ; in addition , being chased by the same man who was capable of transforming into a stark-raving maniac .
but for now , she had her baby to take care of and a husband who was soon to return to the surprise addition of the family .
still , he could see that mary purchased a companion and was sure to appear happy with the addition of rat dog , which now declared daren to be most unwelcome .
surely , she would become an addition to the mausoleum , or at the very least , receive harsh punishment .
raja made a mental note to have vinny check out who the judge hung around with , in addition to tracking his investments .
in addition to being immediately discovered , the search vinny was attempting would have taken weeks or months without sufficient computing power .
in addition to his popular raja williams mystery series , jack writes science fiction , political thrillers , paranormal romance , childrens stories and fairy tales .
sam was reconciled to never finding out what colossal mistake driscoll made , in addition to the paltry cock-up with the loan to hendricks .
spreading out like a child 's lego creation with one addition after another , it appeared a living , growing , entity .
in this new addition i was still a little girl , and i believed it was closer to reality than the other .
they recommended we utilize the school auditorium and cafeteria as test rooms in addition to classrooms to allow everyone to spread out and to help ensure the integrity of the test scores .
in addition to matthew wilson at shooting guard , the team featured terry rand , a smooth 611 senior who last year averaged 18 points and 10 rebounds .
in addition to lucas , ohio state featured four other starters that would go on to play pro basketball ; john havlichek , a member of the nba hall of fame , mel nowell , joel roberts and larry siegfried .
in addition to her other problems she now had to figure out what to do with lupe and the rest of her fathers household staff .
dr. carmichael , the reward will be in addition to the sum that rios capital has already agreed to pay you for your company .
in addition to the seafood another tray with an array of fruit , and the most mouthwatering deserts in russia sat next to the first one .
on the same level posted on the balcony to the right of the shooter , two addition men stood in the dark looking down in mikes direction .
the biggest evidence of her addition is that she didnt even realized that the detective had his shoes in hands .
what called most of the attention at the poor bastard was his wavy hair in a thin and brown face , in addition to that antipathetic mustache .
in addition to her home , ella had invested over the years , quite wisely as it turned out , in several rental houses scattered around san francisco .
an unusual addition in and of itself , the river was supplied with saltwater from the ocean in front of the house .
giselles little entourage once again accompanied her , though with a new addition , her son kearney .
in addition to the listing agreement and the physical evidence , a neighbor witnessed a vehicle on the scene that matches the description of your black mercedes .
in addition to displaying the ubiquitous double b logo , each phone came shellacked in the yellow , green and navy stripes of her firms familiar yard signs .
in addition to matthew wilson at shooting guard , the team featured terry rand , a smooth 611 senior who last year averaged 18 points and 10 rebounds .
in addition to lucas , ohio state featured four other starters that would go on to play pro basketball ; john havlicek , a member of the nba hall of fame , mel nowell , joel roberts and larry siegfried .
in addition , it is well accepted that a group of jewish mercenaries in the employ of egypt had already established a colony on elephantine island well before the 7th century bc .
needless to say i ordered champagne to celebrate and the three of us toasted pete and ambre and the newest addition to our family .
the night of the fire , in addition to her husband working the front of the house , one son , a son-in-law and one of her daughters were working in the kitchen .
mario appeared to be involved in a number of investments and projects in south florida , mexico and the caribbean in addition to his partnership with fred .
he gave private lessons to a dozen or so wealthy people in addition to playing tournaments throughout the caribbean and south america .
in addition , ray just received evidence that you may be targeted by a kidnapping ring during your visit .
what you probably dont know is that in addition to the tragic loss of life , the explosions caused structural damage to the foundation to the exterior walls as well as to the two stadium courts .
in addition , the french air force would have two f-4 fighter jets and helicopters patrolling the skies .
in addition to the horses and cows on their small ranch , emilys family had raised some kind of hunting dogs .
it occurred to pruett there was little chance that beulah jorgensenwho in addition to being town attorney did plenty of private work on the sideignored the significance of surface versus mineral rights .
in addition to being one of james pruetts oldest friendsone of the lucky soldiers who returned with jimmy pruett from the jungles of asiawhitefeather worked twenty-two years in the colorado bureau of investigations special bomb unit .
james , as you know , i was impressed that you were able to discover that albert worthy was murderedand dr. thomas alsoin addition to getting the murderer to make a public confession while the police were present .
bernard was finishing the last of his hollandaise sauce with a bit of portuguese muffina new addition to my eating experience and one that i recommend .
in addition , he also knew or deduced that the rifles were routinely cleaned , wiped of fingerprints , and returned to display in some seemingly random pattern .
here it is : in addition to my household goods i also bequeath to pearl wilbraham my property at 22 phillips street in boston , to be delivered to her at my decease by my executor . ''
in addition to their main reasons , joe was able to get both the banker and housewife to admit that they also enjoyed the added excitement of their secret lives hidden within their ordinarily humdrum existence .
so why , in addition to the nausea , is she beginning to feel afraid , as if some unknown monster is lurking just around the corner ?
in addition to what i just said , hiv fails to meet three out of four of koch 's postulates , and for something to be deemed a causal agent , it must meet all four .
in addition , what he actually found was a tiny amount of dormant hiv genes and no live , active , infectious virus at all .
because it is a vascular dilator , it helps create an erection in addition to creating a high , and at the same time , it relaxes the muscles of the anus .
and in addition to being a published author , you at one time developed an experimental tissue transplantation technique ?
in addition , the appearance of poppers on the gay scene coincides perfectly , in terms of timing , with the appearance of aids .
in addition , the centers for disease control and prevention continues to widen the definition of aids to include diseases that are not opportunistic or linked to immune deficiency .
in addition , im going to present some testimony later about the relationship between the hiv tests and the cd4 cells , or t-cells , of the immune system .
in addition , we believe that certain antibodies might be genetically transmitted from both parents to a child as kind of dormant memory chips that can be activated if the child later encounters the same foreign invader that infected his father or mother .
in addition , he was a candidate for president of the democratic republic of the congo in the 2006 elections .
well , in addition to the persons own emotional and psychological trauma , there is of course a lot of stress placed on their family and loved ones .
in addition to working at a restaurant , jeff took a second job as the desk clerk at the gay hotel where he lived $ 90 a month for a single room , and all the company you wanted right in the same building .
in addition , the cdc has not included the viral load test as a confirmation test for hiv infection in the statement mr. armand is referring to .
but they caught him and put him in a hospital , and in addition to his aids drugs , he was put on a lot of psychiatric drugs .
my point , your honor , is that there is evidence in addition to the padian study that hiv is not transmitted sexually , and these couples are the living proof of that .
if a hemophiliac doesnt get his factor viii injection on time , symptoms can appear in addition to the danger of bleeding to death .
well , after your dog was kidnapped we knew you were in real danger , so we immediately put a tail on you in addition to the chiefs .
and when the judge told him that in addition he would receive nearly two million dollars in cash , and of course the house in which he had lived with bertha , he thought he was dreaming .
in addition to the desk , the room was large enough to contain a love-seat and two upholstered chairs , the fabric of both being a somewhat worn , green velvet .
they had a lot of troublein addition to adding the floors , they had to tear down walls , put in kitchens , and put in more bathrooms .
in addition , the crispy , skin-on home fries are far above the average french fries served at the typical fast-food restaurant .
well , in addition to all the same elements as in the previous murders , we have partial footprints , the pair of boots found at the edge of the woods behind the shed , her panties are missing just as margy mcnichols were , and above all , we have the body in coach bannisters shed .
in addition to certain other evidence too gruesome to mention here , the excavation turned up a box of old town records .
during the week she schedules lessons for the equestrian center 's school program and deals with the many people who board their horses here in addition to her office-type duties .
this accidental addition of murder did not sit well upon my conscience , but as it was not my immediate responsibility i did not bother dwelling too long upon it .
a troublesome addition by its own right , since i would have to snap a few of her fingers to get them out of the way .
he has no such connection , from what he has revealed of himself , and yet here is this strange addition .
an interesting addition to a complex riddle , one that left a cold feeling deep in the marrow of my soul .
in addition to the rolls , she was serving a veggie tray , cold cut platter , broccoli and raisin salad , cinnamon rolls which were baking in the other oven , fruit platter , cheese plate , baguette and brie , fresh hot coffee , and unsweetened ice tea .
had i still been with the pig butcher , gerard hawkins would have followed us both ; probably killed him or i would have been killed because i would have been distracted by the addition of another being in my lair .
it seemed fairly certain that the gunmen had gone north into the new additions between paxton boulevard and the railroad ; at least they hadnt passed five mile corner .
enriquez was a scion of one of the oldest spanish-californian families , and in addition to his friendship for the editor it pleased him also to affect an intense admiration of american ways and habits , and even to combine the current californian slang with his native precision of speech and a certain ironical levity still more his own .
this was not my addiction alone ; even at that hour , there were five or six cars in the lot in addition to my own .
she nearly made the door before crystal , monica , and the latest addition to their group , tanya , noticed her passing .
the bag of fresh okra in her refrigerator promised a delicious addition to her fried chicken tonight .
venturing out onto the open trail , he assessed delaneys cabin to be a one-room floor plan , perhaps with the addition of a loftcertainly no bigger than a two-car garage .
she didnt need the added stress of worrying about her daughter alone in the woods , in addition to everything else on her mind .
in addition , i figured if i had to work hard to get that car , why shouldnt anyone that steals it .
in addition , route 44 , at this point , was a divided highway with the eastbound and westbound lanes divided by a grassy median .
the door handle had a keypad on it , the kind with numbered pushbuttons in addition to a knob with a keyhole .
in addition , records i found on rays computer also listed kathleen as a joint owner of all the assets listed there .
in addition , as an armed and dangerous fugitive who has held a defenseless woman hostage , theres a very good chance you may not survive capture .
she wore the same blue-on-gray , spaghetti-strapped gingham sundress and sandals that shed worked in all day , but the addition of a single pearl on a slender gold chain around her neck turned her comfortable , casual work clothes into an elegant , sexy and understated evening ensemble .
hed consumed at least four bottles of wine , in addition to what hed had at dinner , and had been working on a fifth when he finally passed out .
inside is a copy of my circuitry , down to the weld , with one noteworthy addition : one pound of c4 explosive in the chest cavity .
it was our own collection of the usual suspects , a few miscellaneous dock rats , captain sal , the queen of the charter boat business in key west ; whipsaw , the godfather of blues in key west ; his mysterious lady companion , miss julianne , the woman who saw what others didnt ; louis moulet , the bartender at the raw bar , on a rare night off ; and a welcome addition .
but of course she was attempting to bring up a very small but integral addition to our family and all parents can understand how mentally and physically draining that can be .
i took off my heels and stood on the hot pavement looking up at the beautiful brick mansion the vfw had destroyed with weird additions and a red , white , and blue paint job .
while the fuel was not necessary for the reaction the arab desired , he had explained that its addition would increase the chemical energy of the mixture , hastening the violence of the detonation , and providing more of a shock wave .
he proceeded down a sealed concrete hallway devoid of any decorative additions other than the ominous biosensor every ten meters until he reached his office .
kate had been uber-sexual , from the pregnancy and overwhelming hormones or sheer attraction , david was unsure ; only thing he knew was that sex had become astounding , even earth-shattering since the loss of sound and addition of kates newly unbridled passion .
it was made up of mostly private accommodation although a handful of rooms and a small casualty wing was open to the general public in addition to a couple of wards which were small and open-plan .
she was , however , a promising addition to strength of the department , and millicent could put up with a lot , if it meant another good detective .
in addition all her notes and experimental data were stolen immediately before she was killed.~~all of which leads me to believe that the true killer wanted whatever she discovered for themselves .
after the officer left , my boss informed me that in addition to the back lot and the roof , the police had spent quite a bit of time searching my office for the missing weapon .
it only took a few minutes to recognize that , in addition to gray eyes , we shared the ability to hide a multitude of emotions behind pleasant features .
id tried to like regina since , in addition to a full client roster , she volunteered several hours a week at a local domestic abuse center .
in addition to several gift certificates to area shops and restaurants and a stack of instant lottery game cards , marshall also became the proud new owner of a pile of latex vomit and a pull-my-finger fart machine .
in addition to considering an unlisted number , tammy reminded me to contact my credit card companies , in case wayne had nabbed those bills , too .
unfortunately , in addition to chicken wild rice , i got a taste of my own medicine when marshall checked on whether id met with regina for supervision .
in addition to the security gate , my father had lined the driveway with security sensors and some electrical devices that could stun the average intruder .
close to the school was a large sports hall and artificial pitch , both of which were leased out when the school didnt require their use providing a welcome addition to their income .
in addition we take enormous care over the safe-guarding of your daughters as well as the rest of the pupils .
in addition to stella and the other two staff she knew about , josh had uncovered three more secrets .
in addition to coffins and caskets popping out of the ground , many believed their water supply would be contaminated as a result of the yellow fever epidemic which killed thousands in the 1800s .
in addition , nelson was swinging from high spirits , whooping and hollering , to cussing about everyone that had crossed him in his life .
passing it on and then going back to the office sounded very appealing in addition , him right now .
in the fourteenth or early fifteenth century the first addition was made , extending the tower to the north , two stories high .
that will be a very valuable asset to some museum and represents a considerable addition to our knowledge of the grail story . ''
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
my favorite addition was having the opportunity to begin telling julias story ( begin her secrets ) yet at the same time it was a challenge to search , divide , and conquer the many directions being explored that tangled in my head .
my least favorite but achieved addition was writing in particular point of view since the novel is being written this year in the third person limited to ronnis perspective .
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
i think one of my favorite additions was fleshing out some of the characters from the previous chapters and bringing them back into the story line with a slightly different twist .
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
in her free time , in addition to writing , she enjoys photography , paper-crafting , being involved in various activities at her church and spending time with friends and family .
what is your favorite and least favorite addition that you contributed to this novel in your chapter ?
in addition to serving as the nanowrimo municipal liaison for topeka , she also works as a book evangelist and librarian at the topeka and shawnee county public library .
her own team was complete , in addition to which there was a team of three adults who seemed to know what they were doing , engaged by the university to do the labouring , the two female volunteers who had been on hoy doing some work of their own prior to turning up at the site and the four who had come over on the ferry with frank and alan .
in addition , a piece of paper in mr. stokes wallet clearly stated he was at smalls restaurant to exact revenge .
in addition , the insurance companies are guaranteed a hefty little profit for your care , but only if they follow these limited guidelines .
in addition , there would be no medical benefits provided to employees on account of other obama care regulations .
in addition , this would place james in a dark shadow where no one in the stadium would ever see him as he methodically completed his deadly extermination spree .
in addition , some of these revenge artists , though not all of them , might be imported terrorists who regularly visit middle eastern conspiracy sites where they are easily misled and taught how to make bombs and plan social disorder activities such as killing innocent people in malls , theaters , offices , airplanes , and on highways .
in addition , our hearts go out to their children , bill parker , who is eight years old and melissa parker who is six years old .
in addition , nato has now become a military arm of the united states as it participates in overseas occupations of one nation after another including the direct overthrow of nationally and democratically elected officials .
in addition , more than one billion viewers overseas were glued to their sets as the mayhem was being directly and instantly broadcast through satellite to their own nations .
in addition , we had years of emergency room programs on television in which we were treated to dr. house , dr. welby , and emergency rooms where outrageous scenes were developed concerning treatments that we can receive but which either never existed or were created merely to fulfill a fictional plot line , mr. ortega .
in addition , tomorrows games are canceled out of respect for the people who have been killed and injured today .
in addition , every senseless act of murder and revenge , when it results in deaths , demonstrates to the citizens that we have been ineffective .
in addition to reporters on the ground , helicopters with cameras hovered high overhead , surveying the damage .
in addition , the mayor of new york and his police commissioner were feared among the dead deep in the rubble of brick and powdered plaster .
in addition , several members of the extended family who had the last name of peterson had been in and out of jail for fighting , poaching , robbery and general debauchery .
in addition , greg made a fake drivers license and other ids in which he was pictured as the original owner of the camry .
in addition , caldwell told hauser , it stays fresh for years and years and does not deteriorate like dynamite .
in addition , he had not been caught doing anything wrong which could be used by the reporters to stick him until he bled and attracted even bigger sharks who waited in dark corners to bleed him out in the national news .
in addition , federal square was filled with sign waving protesters who surrounded the hoover fbi building , treasury , white house , and others which stone had already wired so they were ready to blow at a moments notice .
in addition , a delicious medley of pictures and videos taken with smart phone cameras by one million protesters hit youtube and vimeo with a passion .
dressed all in black , he wore a dark scowl like the others but in addition , he had a shotgun slung across one elbow .
in addition , i have instructed the national institutes of health to support research efforts to create a vaccine to protect anyone exposed to the virus in the future .
hospital authorities have confirmed that , in addition to twenty-two cases from neah and clallam bays , they now have a single case brought to them from the city of port angeles itself last night .
along the way , we ran into several friends with children of their own , and they all made a big fuss over the adorable blossom in yellow and green that henry was holding , wanting to know when we had welcomed the new addition to our family .
with the addition of the media room and home office on the ground floor , its an even sweeter deal .
in addition to the tales of drunken misbehavior among the staff , it was also the time of year promotions were announced .
she thought about it and said , i think in addition to walking on the beach , i 'm going to have to go shopping .
when he slid in behind the wheel , bev said , you run a car service in addition to the pi business ?
we were slowly turning this company back from the brink with the addition of the magic shop and some extra funds she brought into the company .
www.lindakozar.com in addition to writing linda is lead host of the gate beautiful radio show , part of the red river network on blog talk radiointerviewing christian authors from debut to bestselling , airing the 3rd thursday of every month .
in addition she won first place in her churchs 4th of july celebration for her chocolate cream pie .
a straight-lined scar went all the around both shoulders in addition to several faded scars on his muscled back .
she had to work , because her husband , cappy henderson , had fallen victim to what was referred to as consumption at the time , in addition to being on a collision course with members of the national union of miners .
in addition to his notes from his interview with lia yesterday , he had more phone records from morrisey .
with his nose to the cotton tree shroud , the inquisitive feline circled the new addition to the sun porch , decided it wasnt worth losing any sleep over , and padded off to the living room , no doubt to curl up in front of the fireplace for another nap .
in addition to what the family had always called the homestead , a ten-acre lot consisting of the house , barns , paddocks , garages , bunkhouse and guesthouse , the ashton holdings included outright ownership of ten thousand acres of prime grazing land and a perpetual lease on five thousand more .
i sat on the loveseat and stared at this addition : paulas apartment - second and elm - purple with some shade of blue trim .
pei and is now the official entrance into the museum , an addition that the french either love or hate .
more like a typical southern city , i thought , with the addition , of course , of the quaint old streetcars that cranked by on the center grass divider .
in addition he would have liked to get a footprint from her , to see if it matched the one found at the billabong , because that would then place her at the location .
he had the same information that max had gotten me , but in addition to that , he was able to score stuff from the police report .
the five-hundred he paid us up front along with an addition five from the hold would be enough to cover our expenses .
in addition , the cabbie killer is trying to make m. hugh 's life particularly miserable , but we do not know why that is so , or who he is , although , on a positive note , m. hugh and myself know , all too well , what he looks like .
chapter 3 i didnt sleep at all on the hard bench so when morning came , i felt stiff and tired in addition to the panic that seemed to have settled in the pit of my stomach .
it had been just petty stuff really because no one leaves much money in their stores , but the thieves took cold pills from the pharmacy in addition to the little money that they got from the register .
in addition , at the end of the bridge on the island side the lights picked up a pile of small logs barricaded the road .
in addition to the great room , the main floor has a bedroom/study , a full bathroom , and a laundry room .
he and marie are partners in the family clinic and improved the practice by adding a built in day care facility when their newest addition arrived .
we discovered that in addition to my being able to see things from the past and discern things in my dreams that my connection to our children allows me to sense when they are in danger or need me even without the use of the protectionist spell .
the overall uncertaintyin addition to kahns warningkept him from stopping salinowsky in the street .
i , uh , may have run into addition trouble this evening in the process of continuing my investigation .
in addition to investigating armed robberies , their task was to maintain close contact with the criminal community and collect information on past and future crimes .
she had made few changes since her aunt died over a year ago , but the first additions had been an automatic coffee maker and cordless phone .
in addition to the tape entwined on his wrists , mark perceived a round piece of gauze and band-aid affixed to the flesh between his thumb and index finger .
no part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , without permission in writing from nittany valley productions , inc. smashwords edition : february 2011 contents authors note el valiente en el infierno ( the brave one in hell ) a hell of a crime development hell solomon & lord : to hell and back mortal sin ( excerpt ) also available about the author free newsletter authors note the four stories in this anthology have something in common in addition to the word hell in their titles .
in addition , she knew they had reported in to their contact , so she was convinced the narc was reaching for straws and didnt know anything other than what was just told to him , so she decided to avoid any further questioning and dismiss herself telling the narc she had to go because she had a very important client coming and she needed to prepare herself mentally for the meeting .
with area variations , they form some of the 112 dialects of the philippines , in addition to the 87 basic languages .
we both preferred the m16a3 because of its fully automatic firing capabilities in addition to single shot and semi-automatic options .
in addition to low security patients , there was a small medium security section on this site , and they therefore had to go through two locked doors to get out of the ward and into the main corridor .
it pays to remain excessively polite with women you do n't really knowmost of them appreciate that , you are showing respect , it shows you are an educated male , maybe you even have true emotions in addition to your sexual ones .
and , in addition , he could also classify me as a person being in dire need of psychiatric assistance . ''
your scientists are currently only aware of three dimensions , plus , if you will , an imaginary fourth one to account for the imaginary direction in which matter is supposed to extend in addition to the three dimensions of euclidean geometry . ''
i use the undamaged parts of his brain for the purpose of all physical functions , which are controlled of course by my own brain , which , in addition , has taken over the management and operation of all the mental functions .
in addition , they can change their supplier whenever they want to , and some have done just that , i undertake nothing to forcibly retain them .
salary , bonuses , expenses , stock options , dividends , and i use it all freely for my research purposes , in addition to providing my physical self with a pleasing standard of living while enjoying the hospitality of your planet .
that means that in addition to the saved production time , you would also save a few thousand labor hours cleaning the blades .
and in addition to the legal slaughter of the elephants , there are another 30,000 of them killed illegally each year .
in addition to the murders i told you aboutdo n't forget , one murder per minute according to the u.n. statisticsthere are 8 million rapes of women each year , including gang rapes .
`` because of all the arguing , in addition to the soldiers and the police and the secret police we also have to employ vast numbers of human beings as lawyers to resolve our disputes , or to try to . ''
in addition to the national teams , we also do this for individual club championships : you name it , football teams , handball teams , basketball teams , volleyball teams , hockey teams , cycle-racing teams , squash teams , badminton teams , swimmers , skiers , ski-jumpers , tennis players , track athletes , horses and their riders , formula i drivers and their cars , truck racers and their trucks , rally drivers and their cars and/or their motorbikesi would need half an hour to give you a complete list of everything , jeremy .
in addition to the beliefs , we have a lot of superstitions which , by the way , are also beliefs , but unfounded ones .
but we were clearly waiting for additions to the party and so i excused myself and was directed to a door leading to the toilets oras they are so eerily referred to by the americansto the restrooms .
maybe , deranged though he is , he hasin addition to his astonishing and prodigious mind-bending abilitiesoutstanding talents as an amateur physicist and astronomer .
in addition to next friday 's meeting , i intend seeing your prime minister informally either tomorrow or on tuesday , and i will be making use of his perceived interest in what you and i refer to as my computer-hacking capabilities to obtain his agreement on two points concerning yourself . ''
and yes , we know that lakmish devi has 108 names and is responsible for many other things in addition to wealth .
he 's hoping that , in addition to getting some answers about crystal lake , kevin will let him know why it is that ramsey is so interested in getting him off the case .
it was just a little memorabilia to flaunt around town , as if to say , `` yeah , you might have bought your gear online , but mine is limited addition .
the morning had dissolved into a series of meetings about felix benes in addition to the appointments dana already had with other clients .
in addition to the usual selection of beverages and convenience foods , it stocked a seemingly random array of household items .
in addition to the front door , the gable-fronted house had a side door that led into a fenced side yard .
and a recent addition to a long line of paramours who had appeared , been intimidated , disappeared , and whatever .
in addition to weddings , youre also an expert on rain barrels , the lieutenant commented , not bothering to hide her disbelief .
in addition , mr. cooper has agreed to donate five percent of the profit from cooper chemicals for the development of kingston and the surrounding area .
you discover a lot of potentially disturbing things in addition to all of the wonderful to hear ones when you are an unobtrusive good listener .
that did not stop a few business expansions and even the addition of the office of a wedding planner to the town , but it was good that people were being practical about the probable temporariness of the upswing .
everything from chessie complaining at her bridge club about claires demanding personality and boorish husband to be being expanded upon to the fact that both of the twins ( not just casey ) mentioned at the beauty parlor that claire was turning into a monster and someone should stop her to the planners threats after being fired to dereks cell phone obsession to a detailed listing of barts theatrics to ashleys nerve wracked state to claires never successful attempts at getting dereks attention were elaborated upon , discussed , argued over , and further detailed by many eagerly helpful additions offered by the twins ( who had difficulty letting any point get brought up without wanting to offer their own insights and a list of what they had heard on the subject that might or might not be relevant ) .
in addition , the broadcast spread false propaganda , making it seem as though the nazis were still holding their city .
chapter 14 summer and chalcey fixed pork chops with scalloped potatoes , a crisp salad with homemade dressing , and fresh bread for supper for the troops as chalcey like to call the new additions to the ranch .
in addition , this time i had access to a modern ibm selectra 3 electric typewriter with an auto erase feature ( no more liquid whiteout ) .
i listed the jobs that orhan will be expected to perform , in addition to driving : odd job man in the office , local postman , fetcher and carrier for office , and residence , translator , negotiator , custodian of the flag , caretaker of the pool .
in addition to being a killer , he had highly developed a skill at stealing identitieseven personalities .
in addition to being a working dairy farm , it also provided a wooded paradise along the riverside .
in addition to growing fond of the two girls , the killer had also grown fond of the farm itself after spending almost a year living there .
in addition to the ruined building , the only thing left was the rapidly decaying painted-concrete statue out front .
in addition , fredricka hadnt been the friendliest person on the planet during my first few visits .
martin berman , in addition to his role as executive director of restful bowers , showed his robotic engineering skill in producing the computer heart of the robots .
in addition , during the course of the day most of the neighbors stopped by , not so much to buy things but just to visit and to check out jenny 's new tenant .
he must be an incredible genius if he can score several movies a year in addition to writing regular songs for other people and meeting his commitments as a star .
in addition , controlled neutralisation sometimes contained evidence that the object in question was harmless .
a sprinkling of sawdust covered the material and rafferty could see a trail of it leading from a door at the far end of the living-room to the connecting garage , which was an obvious later addition .
hyde knew there was no point in resisting , the bastard was aching for an excuse to really trash the place in addition to slapping him around .
in his retirement , in addition to hyde , he has published eight novels : dead end , a police procedural ; assignment : bosnia , a thriller based on the recent war in the balkans ; the shroud , a novel in which an interpol detective deals with an attempt to clone jesus with blood obtained from the shroud of turin ; prescription for death , a medical suspense thriller set in 1931 , in which a young physician is caught up in an insurance scam ; sleeper , where a childs coma baffles her doctors ; max , an alien who leads a so-so professional football team to the super bowl ; fracture , in which an orthopaedic surgeon discovers a substance which will revolutionize fracture treatment ; and the old folks at home ; warehouse them or leave them on the ice floe .
in addition to her jewish regency mystery series featuring ezra melamed , general wellngone and the earl of gravel lane , she is the author of terra incognita , a novel about modern-day descendants of spains crypto-jews , the banished heart , a novel about shakespeares writing of the merchant of venice , and several volumes of chassidic tales .
there were still additions , deletions , alterations , and even complete omissions that needed to be made before the document was ready for the general public .
he literally got a 500-year sentence in addition to the death penalty for killing ricky t-max merchant , the hardware store clerk , who i only knew as the victim until i heard his name at the trial .
antonia , the younger of my two younger sisters at fifty-five , had brought along her new husband who was a curious late addition to the family for me .
the splash of color was a new addition , a move of passive rebellion against her controlling mother .
busybodies are welcome additions because they bring fresh material into an otherwise routine day , as long as they dont throw their two cents in with it .
detweiller 's house was no more inviting this time , despite the addition of two cars in the driveway .
in addition to the view , frick was one of the largest conference rooms ( wholly unnecessary for a three-person meeting ) and the most opulent ( wholly necessary for a meeting with a very important client like hemisphere air ) .
the program crosses multiple agencies , and , in addition to asking everyday americans to be alert , it contains a specific financial crimes component that asks bankers and others to report suspicious activities .
but primantis true claim to fame was the addition of both coleslaw and perfectly crisp french fries right on each sandwich .
your honor , in addition to mr. petersons tragic death , there is another reason to postpone the hearing .
each sides lawyer would make changes to the file , save the changes , and generate a redline version that showed the additions as underlined bold text and the deletions as text with a line struck through it .
in addition to the files , shed accumulated more personal belongings in eight years than shed thought .
dickhead had his favorites , dixieshit of course being a most recent addition to the ever-growing list .
and in addition to the fear of meeting brendas angry ghost , there was the even less appealing possibility of meeting her murderer .
i had no idea where the unit was , but the desk drawer held , in addition to the keys to the file cabinets and the spare key to 101 potsdam , a key ring with a couple of keys marked storage unit .
most of the twenty people working for loughlin were women ; secretaries , receptionists , another female speech writer in addition to helen .
so , in addition to writing the speeches for appearances , she was organizing the appearances themselves , meeting with union leaders and the heads of veterans ' groups , and the leaders of patriotic organizations .
well , you know the reason im here asking all these questions is because in addition to karen webbers death this month bridget dean and anna davalos also committed suicide .
in addition to bones and deza , there was charlie ramus who was renting a room in a place on post street .
then , as the years passed , there have been many additions and subtractions to the basement of eighty eight .
in addition , although this is not yet considered diagnostic , the schizophrenic shows cognitive impairment , such as disorganized thinking , disorganized speechword saladfailures of memory , and so on .
in addition , since she had found men seldom stayed sitting , annie provided a few carefully placed objects d'art for them to look at while roaming around the room .
kathleen continued , `` even in the posh neighborhoods in the western addition past van ness , you ca n't always sleep safe at night .
market was even busier than sansome had been ; in addition to the pedestrian traffic , several heavily laden wagons lumbered up from the docks , and numerous carriages swept by smartly .
in addition , we would be interested if you have any information that might indicate the recent state of mind of the former parlor maid , miss nellie flannigan . ''
in addition , the day 's work was less frustrating than the ironing had been , and this improved her mood considerably .
at first impression , annie thought there must be at least fifty of them , but later she figured out that there were only six , in addition to the chief detective and his sergeant .
i could imagine what was going through her mind in addition to the dismay and terror of being charged with a crime as horrible as murder .
they served those in addition to the ice-blended coffees and believe me when i say the words heaven on earth when referring to them .
he had a remedial math class , in addition to a remedial english class , although the rest of his classes seemed normal enough , if you counted metal shop i and art 103 , which rounded out his class schedule .
still , it sure sounded like jenna , in addition to troy , knew all of the murder victims from liz to vanessa to olivia .
the ketamine is good and his own additions are fairly straightforward , but the quality of locally supplied e is patchy .
she must make a note of the needle set up and the number of the punchcard that was being used , this was a lovely pattern , it would be a useful addition to her library .
vicki lewis was riding jet , foxdale 's most recent addition to its string of school horses , and the mare was giving her a fit , shying in the corners and breaking into a canter at the slightest provocation .
in addition there are four novels in the ellie foreman series , which libby describes as a cross between desperate housewives and 24 .
in addition to getting your own input as to ms. adams , id like to talk to a few other members of your staff .
it wasnt much , but in addition to telling her that gerard was still in town , kazmaroff had also let slip the fact that alfie lived with his mother , carole wexford .
unfortunately , jan , my father had a host of unofficial adversaries in addition to the disaffected persons and cranks who might have attacked him officially. ``
his sandy colored hair and deep dark brown eyes , in addition to his nearly six foot height , had more than a few girls throwing themselves at him .
her eyes were drawn to what appeared to be an addition , built on the far right side of the first floor .
it was obvious that the extra-large room lying just through the open french doors , was a new addition as shed thought .
in addition to alex , beth and rob , her younger brother jake had joined in the adventure , along with his two older girls .
it was finally determined the new addition would do just fine for everyone to stay in , even though it only had a wooden floor , the space was adequate to sleep the crowd .
kit had re-run the satellite cable connecting a transceiver , in addition to the receiver they owned .
`` and of course we have in addition to the health inspectors , a reservations system which has additional requirements . ''
in addition , everyone had to wait tables , wash dishes , make beds , clean toilets , and pack luggage .
in addition to the city watch , the government has interested itself in this matter , and a few of my worthy gentlemen are out looking for him .
in addition , there was a police station in the town , and craig had no wish to be questioned as to his intentions .
in addition to the clinical interviews , i reviewed a report of the psychological testing of the parents performed by carl leser , ph.d , a clinical psychologist .
in addition , your law clerk appraised my paralegal ms. cohen would not be providing notice of her schedule pursuant to the court order .
in addition , he took extra consulting jobs in san diego , los angeles and new orleans where he lived in hotels .
as she had purified the growth-stimulating protein from the cell culture medium the ability of the fractions to activate cell division seemed to simply vanish , despite the addition of inhibitors to prevent protein breakdown .
he claims that about ten stickers can cover the most common errors with the addition of a smiley face for good job and a frowning face for have you considered an alternative career ?
we settled on the civvies ; black suit and tie with the addition of a gold cross on a chain around my neck .
in addition to his tenure at west chester university dr. smith has been an adjunct professor at temple university , gwynedd-mercy college , and philadelphia university .
the grand union canal was an addition during the industrial revolution , but once across its dark waters , and beyond the golf course , whippendell woods give way to an area of relatively unurbanized land , stretching from croxley common moor in the south to the villages of chipperfield , flaunden and chenies to the west and north .
had to rig up a few extra additions to my humble abode to make sure that you couldnt go walkabout , and im sorry about the ropes .
yes , adds detective morrell , we , you see , do certain amounts of private contracting in addition to our normal police work .
like most old hospitals they added new additions over the years which created a maze of entries and exits for visitors .
since it had been a while since anyone did any housekeeping , in addition to the fingerprint dust that was around an accumulation of regular dust was all over the window sills .
mrs. murphy looked a little uncomfortable at henrys question and said well , it really hasnt , but were hoping that now that the great man is gone god rest his soul that the hope family will consider our office when they decide what to do with the place and i think it does make for a neat addition to our picture wall doesnt it .
there were two master bedroom suites , one in each wing , in addition to two other bedrooms , each with their own bathroom .
hes fended off the english barons in deheubarth for years , and in addition , while his welsh rivals arent too many to count , theyre numerous .
in addition , king owain should have known by now that his brother , cadwaladr , didnt always relate the most accurate version of events .
in addition , the bushiness of the mans beard and the length and color of his hair had gareth thinking the man was a dane .
in addition , the wind hadnt lessened since theyd left wales , which seemed to please them all no end .
even the most paranoid of big names , who employ professional clippings services to make sure they dont miss a single mention in addition to having as-it-happens google alerts sent to their always-on blackberrys and/or iphones dont read around the subject of themselves .
snappers would include her in their shots as cady arrived at clubs and parties , and the addition of well-chosen accessories to old stone clothes got favourable nods from influential stylists .
it was an ever-shifting roster , filled with cross-outs and additions , stained with coffee and courvoisier .
the 98 pound sophomore who just returned from a year of study abroad would make a fine addition to his exclusive club of victims .
and in addition to hiking , we offer opportunities for horseback riding , camping , fishing , and canoeing .
i realized then there was probably another distinguishing feature of the military guys on leave , in addition to their youth and fit builds .
in addition to writing , his activities include consulting with industry , travel , hiking , and fossil collecting .
the men who 'd come in with her - everyone who 'd been outside , with the addition of the boy and the man i was sure was his father - had been eyeing her with derision , and a few of them had made comments not quite softly enough .
in addition to the men olivetti had just dispatched , the commander had radioed ahead to the vatican and sent additional undercover guards to the center where bernini 's west ponente was located .
in addition , bbc photo archives had just given her a positive id on the victim in st. peter 's square .
in addition , '' olivetti continued , `` captain rocher tells me he is making excellent headway on the antimatter search . ''
in addition to exclusively broadcasting the camerlegno 's address , she and glick had provided the world with gruesome photos of the cardinals and of the pope - that tongue !
in addition to these , the camerlegno had found the illuminati collection - all the secrets the church had uncovered after banishing the group from rome ... their contemptible path of illumination ... the cunning deceit of the vatican 's head artist , bernini ... europe 's top scientists mocking religion as they secretly assembled in the vatican 's own castle st. angelo .
the only information terri had found in addition to sammy 's notes was an obituary notice that lydia drake had succumbed to cancer .
i looked through the peephole and found yet another pair of the suited guards with the addition of two of the hotel security guys in their blazers .
the later additions to the once-lovely original brick showed that the administrators had been more interested in substance over style .
of course the ultimate embarrassment had been the widely publicized trial of fbi spy robert hanssen , who , in addition to being a prominent member of opus dei , had turned out to be a sexual deviant , his trial uncovering evidence that he had rigged hidden video cameras in his own bedroom so his friends could watch him having sex with his wife .
in addition to being the pope 's summer vacation home , the sixteenth-century citadel housed the specula vaticana - the vatican observatory - one of the most advanced astronomical observatories in europe .
earlier , while telling sophie about the knights templar , langdon had realized that this key , in addition to having the priory seal embossed on it , possessed a more subtle tie to the priory of sion .
rosa rugosa , one of the oldest species of rose , had five petals and pentagonal symmetry , just like the guiding star of venus , giving the rose strong iconographic ties to womanhood.in addition , the rose had close ties to the concept of '' true direction '' and navigating one 's way .
man created it as a historical record of tumultuous times , and it has evolved through countless translations , additions , and revisions .
in addition to telling the true grail story , these documents speak of christ 's ministry in very human terms .
`` few people realize that mary magdalene , in addition to being christ 's right hand , was a powerful woman already . ''
in addition to langdon 's name scrawled on the louvre floor and in sauniere 's date book , langdon now appeared to have lied about his manuscript and then run away .
in addition , he learned that the pilot saw langdon and sophie leave something behind in teabing 's safe , a wooden box of some sort .
hurrying through the grand portico on the north transept , langdon and sophie were met by guards who politely ushered them through the abbey 's newest addition - a large walk-through metal detector - now present in most historic buildings in london .
sauniere apparently had done just that and left the knight unattended long enough for remy legaludec to make one inconspicuous addition .
in addition to identifying rosslyn by name , the verse made reference to several of the chapel 's renowned architectural features .
the lawrenceton public library is a large two-story block with a low addition to the rear of the building for offices .
this brand-new addition , achieved mostly by a bequest from an anonymous patron , a few other donations , and matching community improvement funds , is easily the nicest part of the library , and it 's a pity i get to spend so little time in it .
in addition to her brown leather collar to which were attached her rabies disc and her name-and-address tag , something else had been tied around the cat 's neck .
in addition to the practical contents ( a flashlight , a candle , and matches ) , the drawer held the strange mementoes of my strange life .
`` in addition to owning this gym , i do contract work for an agency that protects national security . ''
a low , discreet modern addition in the rear held the grimmer rooms where the actual functions of the funeral home were conducted .
there were differences in the reading i got from the older one , in addition to the shock of finding tabitha .
in addition to blowing the $ 1,000 he 'd stolen from lettie , he realized he 'd lost $ 120 he 'd planned to use for the groceries .
in addition to dumas 's startlingly accurate story , there was a smaller one about the petition for habeas corpus relief filed by the sistrunk and bost firm in federal court in oxford .
in addition to jake , those present were wade lanier and lester chilcott , from jackson , representing ramona dafoe .
condos held that appeal - you pay a monthly fee , you do n't worry about the roof or an addition or the landscaping or any of that .
in addition , the fact that the church lies within the city walls makes for an excellent disputation , as the tomb of jesus would have been outside the city . ''
`` well , it seems the man we are dealing with , in addition to being mentally unstable , is also highly educated .
in addition , she urged the dispatcher to check dr. abaddon 's address in kalorama heights , where she thought peter was being held hostage .
moving cautiously up the center aisle , simkins reached up and flipped a switch on his goggles , activating the newest addition to the cia 's arsenal .
he quickly showed katherine that in addition to making the rows , columns , and diagonals add up to thirty-four , durer had also found a way to make the four quadrants , the four center squares , and even the four corner squares add up to that number .
in addition to realizing they had just lost robert langdon through a hole in the wall , the field agent was now aware that he had another problem .
in addition , because the sixteen letters in jeova sanctus unus could be rearranged to spell his name in latin , making it a perfect pseudonym . ''
this particular tank had probably been installed for its owner 's private experimentation , although the addition of heavy , lockable latches left little doubt in sato 's mind that this tank had also been used for darker applications ... an interrogation technique with which the cia was familiar .
peter solomon , in addition to overseeing the house of the temple , was the master of his local lodge .
in addition , the library displayed precious masonic jewels , ritual artifacts , and even a rare volume that had been hand-printed by benjamin franklin .
in addition , legend also claims that a large stone sits atop the opening of the staircase ... and that this stone is engraved with a message in an ancient language ... as a kind of marker so the worthy can find it . ''
in addition , the whole process would move ahead so quickly that this complex investigation would not have time to leak into the corridors of the bureaucracy and thus risk being unearthed by the section .
ekstrom had left his reading glasses at home and had to push his glasses up on to his forehead and squint to be able to read the last-minute handwritten additions to his text .
`` in that case it is my duty tell you that you risk being charged with perjury and possibly other counts in addition , '' judge iversen said .
she deserves in addition an apology , but the redress will take time and will depend upon the rest of the investigation . ''
there were a lot of kids emily did n't know , but that was because the kahns invited all the it kids from the area 's other private schools , in addition to rosewood .
he 'd said spencer 's parents were such show-offs , building a third addition to their house , converting that perfectly good barn into a luxury apartment for their oldest daughter .
`` in addition to the books we 're reading as a class , i want to do an extra side project on unreliable narrators . ''
in addition to botticelli 's celebrated map of hell , there was rodin 's timeless sculpture of the three shades from the gates of hell ... stradanus 's illustration of phlegyas paddling through submerged bodies on the river styx ... william blake 's lustful sinners swirling through an eternal tempest ... bouguereau 's strangely erotic vision of dante and virgil watching two nude men locked in battle ... bayros 's tortured souls huddling beneath a hail-like torrent of scalding pellets and droplets of fire ... salvador dali 's eccentric series of watercolors and woodcuts ... and dore 's huge collection of black-and-white etchings depicting everything from the tunneled entrance to hades ... to winged satan himself .
in addition to being a master painter and sculptor , michelangelo was a superb poet , publishing nearly three hundred poems-including one titled 'dante , ' dedicated to the man whose stark visions of hell were those that inspired michelangelo 's last judgment .
in addition to shedding a ray of light on his strange predicament , this revelation also meant langdon was no longer wondering what terrible thing he might have done ... for which he had been profusely saying he was very sorry .
the balcony , he knew , in addition to being at the exact same height as the words cerca trova , also served as the entrance to the palazzo 's museum , which langdon visited whenever he was here .
then again , ignazio busoni , in addition to being an influential figure in the florentine art world , was a dante enthusiast and scholar .
on his previous visit , in addition to peering through the viewing window in the room of architectural models , langdon had explored the garret on foot , entering through a doorway at the other end of the attic .
il duomo-or , more formally , the cathedral of santa maria del fiore-in addition to providing a nickname for ignazio busoni , had long provided not only a spiritual heart to florence but centuries of drama and intrigue .
in addition to assorted credit cards and a wad of euros , he was carrying over three thousand u.s. dollars in cash .
viewed from the ocean , the palace 's massive expanse of white limestone would have been overbearing had the effect not been carefully muted by the addition of porticos , columns , a loggia , and quatrefoil perforations .
in addition to being highly intelligent , he was enormously charismatic and penned doomsday articles that spawned an entire cult of zealots for transhumanism .
today , in addition to the guilt he felt at seeing firsthand langdon 's bewilderment , the man was burdened by an overwhelming sense of responsibility for the current crisis .
in addition to providing the city with two coastlines rather than one , the bosporus enabled ship passage from the mediterranean to the black sea , allowing istanbul to serve as a way station between two worlds .
the mask appeared to be in flawless condition with one small exception-the addition of a poem , inscribed in an elegant spiral shape , on its reverse side .
janet was nearly as strong as i in the chest and arms , and had an edge on me in the legs since she taught two aerobics classes a day in addition to working at the kids ' club , which provided community-sponsored after-school care for kids .
this was one of my days in shakespeare , and i had to clean carrie 's office in addition to putting in a stint at the winthrops ' house .
everything was exactly as it had been the day before ; the only addition was marshall 's note and the pill envelope , still containing two capsules .
i had to readjust my straps on the holsters , to settle the guns again without all the other stuff to get in the way , and with the addition of the radio .
over the next twenty years , forty-eight square meters of additional amber panels , most emblazoned with the romanov crest and elaborate decorations , were added to the original thirty-six square meters , the additions necessary since the thirty-foot walls in the catherine palace towered over the original room the amber had graced .
in addition , given josef loring 's intense postwar efforts in the harz region , his passion for amber , and the unlimited amount of money and resources available to him , perhaps loring did find the amber .
fellner 's burg herz was similar , the innovation a common architectural addition for fifteenth and sixteenth century fortresses .
`` but for a year now we 've been discussing the possibility of starting a niche publication list in addition to our regular activities .
in addition to the colt , he 's had a beretta , a smithandwesson , and a competition pistol made by rapid .
she wished he could have lectured at the police academy - his knowledge would have been a valuable addition to the curriculum .
in addition , milton security had a cooperative arrangement with similar firms of good repute in europe and the united states .
at the end of the hearing , palmgren intimated that compulsory institutionalisation was in all probability not only contrary to parliament 's decisions in similar situations , but in this particular case it might in addition be the subject of political and media reprisals .
in addition to the torture instruments , she had found a collection of violent pornographic magazines and a large number of polaroid photographs pasted into albums .
but through his desktop computer at millennium , salander was able to discover that dahlman had a hotmail account in addition to his millennium.se address .
they 'd watch those other guys , the rec-league softball players , and listen to them talk about their kitchen additions , their careers , their kids , their boxes at yankee stadium , their experiences coaching little league , the lamentations over their declining sex lives .
chapter 25 a late addition to the guest list `` i 'd like to solve the puzzle , pat , '' a constantly smiling soccer mom said on tv .
in addition to googling him and mrs. mercer , she 'd checked the home study to see if there was anything there about their past .
in addition to which i 'd spent three years with tutors , and although hardly a learned woman , i was given to better things than the giddy talk of ignorant girls from the hills .
a corporate statement is expected shortly , but none from walther verachten who is reported to be seriously ill. odile verachten was a dramatically attractive addition to the boardrooms of this city of coldly efficient executives .
in addition to this vital link , there was a holstered weapon-a .45 star pd auto pistol with five clips of ammunition-a belt-scabbarded hunting knife , a flashlight , a pair of night-vision binoculars , charts of tortola and the nearby islands , a fir staid kit , a bottle of flesh antiseptic , and two flasks-one filled with spring water , the other with mckenna sour-mash bourbon .
in addition , no one was to leave the compound for any reason , which partially explained why , to a man-except for command personnel-each was single or unattached .
`` in addition to the electrified main gate , '' she continued , `` we 've erected a gatehouse a hundred fifty feet before the main , complete with two armed guards and a steel barrier . ''
in addition , she 'd be in a workplace where there were a lot of civilian guys , and with her class probably rich .
the addition of poultry to our varied exports of produce from america 's heartland has long been a dream of atlantic crown .
in addition , and in the spirit of corporate conviviality , she also agreed to keep the door to alistair mcdowell 's office unlocked .
clive floated through life , the attractive addition to very social functions , adding little but his presence , and , in seeming contradiction , a devoted husband to a wife who had no regard whatsoever for the marriage covenant .
some native jewelry and one particularly exquisite tapestry will make wonderful additions to our collection . ''
in addition to the service elevators descending to the massive kitchens below , each floor had a good-sized pantry where tea , coffee , hors d'oeuvres , and sandwiches could be prepared for quick deliveries .
likewise , the addition of a modern business center , health club , and indoor pool brought the old facility further into the new millennium .
but in addition , i will help support this troubled woman and i will make sure that janecare gets the proper funding .
the flight of stairs up to the little second floor seemed sturdy enough ; of course , this addition was only six years old .
this version of los angeles , that is , complete with the occasional continuity glitch or made-up addition . ''
in addition to rescuing the afghanis , the seals were tasked with finding and retrieving forty-two-year-old elizabeth bauer , an american reporter who had been working on a story for the associated press when the taliban stormed the school .
he had n't bought it for the decor , but for the view , and he 'd already met with several contractors to redesign the floor plan and build an addition .
considering the massive scale of the addition he 'd described , the house would top out at five or six thousand square feet .
this entire half of his house was going anyway , to make room for his two-story , six-bedroom addition .
`` assuming you get the appropriate paperwork and town approval , the addition will fit in nicely with the rest of the house .
`` we 're starting construction on the addition for the spa , '' he replied , just as loudly , speaking over the noise .
the neighbor , as nice as she was , could n't afford to keep connor in addition to her two other kids , and his trip through foster care had begun .
as she made her way to the bottom step , she noticed the newest addition to the wall , a picture of sam and spank in matching dresses .
the library sector was a great place to do just that-and i was perfectly aware that in addition to an extensive cross-referencing system , the library had a full set of census reports from nearly every world we had access to for the past hundred years , some of them organized by person .
in addition he would wave and point into his rearview mirror , waiting to see me nod every time in acknowledgment .
he 'd saved for years to start his own business , doing additions onto houses , carpentry work , stuff he 'd always wanted to do .
my brother-in-law just should n't be faced with dealing with a mess , in addition to everything else . ''
`` in the meantime , in addition to someone searching poppy 's closet and making a big mess in there and in her bedroom , the wynns were looking for something all over the house and tossed it around worse than the first burglar . ''
most people think the pagoda is a cute tourist attraction and a quirky addition to our otherwise boring little nowhere city .
i could n't see him drawing plans for his next octagonal addition or a crazy idea for how to make his own solar panels .
but zane , with the self-assured addition to his attitude , was hitting buttons ty hadn '' t even known he possessed .
the first half of the day had been perfect , only to be marred by the addition of the two criminals in love in the backseat .
the family all back together , healthy , happy , and growing with the addition of vi and her girls .
he thought that was funny , and being young and into him , i 'd thought it was the same , with the addition of goofy and sweet .
his expression shifted from sex-satisfied with the addition of aggravated to sex-satisfied with the addition of warm affection before he asked , `` what you want ? ''
she 'd sung in the children 's choir at church in addition to both the junior high and high school choirs .
and , in addition to the first time he did it , mike had left me in the night once to do a walkthrough of the house .
they just marred the faultless male beauty that had once been his face , making it , with the addition of the lines , rugged and interesting and more than a little scary .
a couple years later , they even built on a big addition at the back where they had their own bedroom , bathroom and living room and pretty much gave us the rest of the house .
hank led me out the door and i began to relax thinking he 'd take me home , likely kiss me ( which would be a lovely addition to a lovely memory ) and then we 'd be done .
i waited until they returned , both stony-faced with the addition of riley looking way , way pissed off and i opened my mouth to give it to luke for being a he-man , tough guy jerk when he grabbed my purse .
jules ( after sissy dropped me off , i had a shower , picked up luke 's newest clothing additions from the floor , started a load of his laundry and sat at my computer to research all-inclusive vacations in jamaica ) : `` give him time , ava .
i turned my head to see what was causing the tension and i saw luke standing close wearing his customary black with the addition of a killer black-leather motorcycle jacket .
also indy , her neighbors tod and stevie ( a g*y couple i knew from meeting them at indy 's many parties which i attended back in the days pre-mace ) , ava , daisy ( a new-ish addition to the club , i 'd met her too , she looked just like dol y parton , but a younger version and yes , she even had the enormous hooters ) and al y .
they did this with the addition of lemon drops which we drank sitting on stools around their kitchen island ( they had a fabulous kitchen , all chrome and gleaming black cabinets and granite countertops , it was buddy 's domain , he cooked like a dream ) .
buddy spent the morning gulping down copious amounts of ibuprofen mixed with acetaminophen with the addition of caffeine in his coffee .
this time , i had to put my pajamas back on ( so i did , with the addition of hector 's flannel shirt ) and , with my stuff there , i added brushing my teeth and washing my face .
`` you need to know a few things about sadie , '' buddy said and ralphie 's head snapped to him again , this time with the addition of narrowed eyes .
there were margarita glasses scattered amongst bowls of chips and guacamole with the bizarre addition of loads of tubes , tubs , brushes , combs , sprays , bottles , jars , mirrors and hair dryers .
we went to the brownstone and i did my business ( with the addition of buddy begging hector and me to take yoyo , even if she was spending the night at hector 's because , he explained , ralphie was becoming so attached to the dog , buddy feared there would be a dognapping ) .
we 'd been through pretty much everything , so even with the additions of the rock chicks , i would never have a bff who was more of the `` b '' than indy .
just that , with the addition of jet 's seven month 's pregnant belly , it made it a tight squeeze .
`` the addition is done , '' she told me , referring to the new kickass laundry room eddie and hector added on to their house so jet did n't have to walk down to the basement to do laundry .
dad , hank and lee with the not expected but not surprising addition of tom savage , indy 's father , my second dad and my dad 's best friend .
`` hector , vance , ike and bobby , as well as darius and brody are backin ' your play , ally , '' lee said , and i turned my attention to him , surprised and pleased at the unknown addition of bobby .
i took a handful of cashews ( indy 's addition to the party and part of what herb was gobbling up ) and popped a few into my mouth , watching roxie 's mom and dad ( and tex 's sister and brother-in-law ) , herb and trish-in town from indiana for the big event-fight in blanca 's backyard .
he helped me into the tub ; in addition to the pain inflicted by izel , my large belly made it difficult to do on my own .
`` in exchange for all information on vonnegut and an ongoing hunt for him , the united states would remain deaf and blind to your operations , and in addition , would provide you with all necessary essentials-funds , authorization into top secret files , anything-when working an assignment for us . ''
she sits tied to that chair ; her legs and ankles and torso wrapped many times and pulled so tight she can hardly move ; her forearms and wrists are bound to the metal arms , in addition to the chains and cuffs .
three more times-in addition to the probably ten others before that one-the little boy bangs against the back of my seat , until finally the mother hurriedly leaves with him , apologizing to me again just before she walks away with her young son 's hand clasped in hers .
i suspected this old hotel , with its many additions , had many such forgotten rooms and staircases .
in addition , the mission objective , nicknamed the `` football , '' had to be discovered and secured .
in addition to the quaint port , the other prime attraction to the island was the cliffs of glacial point .
in addition to the purchase price , he had been forced to take out a large loan to convert the aged research vessel into a modern salvage ship : adding a hydraulic cargo crane , upgrading to a five-ton capacity a-frame , and overhauling the caterpillar marine diesel engine .
near the stern , jack noted new additions to the flight deck : three large cranes and winch assemblies .
with these new additions , the total number of individual glyphs is now over five hundred , and the list of compound glyphs has grown into the range of ten thousand .
`` in addition , we 've employed anna fong so we can communicate with any natives of the region : peasants , indians , trappers , whoever .
in addition to the two o'briens , he shared the space with professor kouwe , richard zane , and anna fong .
olin pasternak scowled at the beast , then mumbled under his breath and turned away , clearly unimpressed by the newest addition to the team .
in addition to the weapons , each of the three teams had been equipped with one of the rangers ' short-range saber radios , to keep in contact with one another .
nate and his father remained in the entrance , while kouwe explained about the addition to their team and what they had found below .
in addition , geneticists were flocking to study the tribe , to investigate the alterations to their dna , both to understand how it had been achieved and perhaps to discover a way to reverse the species-altering effects of the yagga .
each marked additions and extensions built as the menard clan had grown over the past century and a half .
in addition , the dock housed cassandra 's command boat , a hydrofoil capable of rocketing to speeds in excess of a hundred knots .
under the auspices of sigma , painter had personally requested the man 's addition to the who team .
most of the guild 's work now rested a thousand feet underwater , a new addition to the deepwater home of the predatory squids .
in addition , the military museums associated with the fortress-the norwegian resistance museum and the armed forces museum-were being readied for the visiting groups , as were the lower sections of the castle itself , where guides would lead tours into the ancient dungeons and dark passages , sharing the stories of ghosts and witches that had always haunted the gloomy fortress .
in addition to the one on the island , two submarine volcanoes had begun to boil the seas , spewing lava along the seabed and building steadily higher .
tucker 's dog squirmed forward , sniffing , wanting to get the scent of the newest addition to their pack .
he was not what most women would consider handsome , with his shaved head and stocky but muscular physique , but he still could make her melt with his smile and she 'd never met a man with a bigger heart , a heart that only grew larger with each addition to the household .
it unlocked before he touched it , triggered by the tiny glass-encased rfid chip implanted in his upper arm , another bodily addition like his magnets .
once she was secure , monk and duncan had headed to the central district of the small port town to retrieve the final additions to their team .
clyde straightened from his work , wiping a bloody cloth across his latest addition to the tapestry that was duncan 's body .
in addition to being a fine mechanic , amos was the one who used explosive surgery to crack open the icebergs floating around saturn and turn them into more manageable chunks .
in addition to snoopy , she spotted the one they called stumpy because he or she could n't be much over a meter and a quarter tall .
in addition to hillman and travis , she had a green private named gourab on this particular patrol .
`` we do this thing clean , and i 'll talk to my opa people about putting a few credits in your accounts in addition to getting you offworld . ''
in addition , mei meng had decided she was funny , and spent part of each day monopolizing her attention .
in addition to snoopy , she spotted the one they called stumpy because he or she could n't be much over a meter and a quarter tall .
in addition to hillman and travis , she had a green private named gourab on this particular patrol .
`` we do this thing clean , and i 'll talk to my opa people about putting a few credits in your accounts in addition to getting you offworld . ''
in addition , mei meng had decided she was funny , and spent part of each day monopolizing her attention .
in addition to bringing whatever unclassified news and information we can , we will also be conducting interviews with the command crews of the ships , civilian leaders on the thomas prince , and live musical performances .
she had created their whitney blueprint design on vellum paper in addition to the copy on her hard drive , plus she had memorized the play-by-play she 'd made with cam and dom .
in addition to black snakeskin boots and faded blue jeans , he wore a bloody white t-shirt with sweat marks extending down from the armpits .
in addition to orson thomas and david parker , he was also roger garrison , brad harping , patrick mulligan , and vincent carmichael .
in addition to stinking of onions , the car has been running hot and he worries it wo n't endure the remainder of his journey .
at least a half dozen newbies in addition to the original four , and there were more appearing every second behind those , a veritable army of fireflies emerging in the dark and all moving toward him with a kind of bobbling motion that made him fear the people holding them were running .
in addition to his inner circle of one hundred sixty true believers , pilcher was responsible for the abduction of six hundred fifty people , all of whom , himself included , he 'd put into suspended animation .
not far ahead , in addition to the screams of what sounded like a massive abby swarm , she heard movement coming her way-limbs breaking , sticks snapping .
maybe that was why she did n't have much of a love life-in addition to the fact that she refused to date anyone who worked at the prison , which ruled out most of the men in crescent city .
telling herself to be diplomatic-she or virgil might need rick 's support as they navigated the next few weeks-she tried to bear up under the stress of having him around , in addition to what weston jager had said in his note , and forced a smile as she walked in .
he could n't wait to cradle this latest addition to their family in his arms and feel he had half a chance of protecting what they 'd fought so hard to create .
vivian did n't think she could cope with that right now , not in addition to the pressure and worry she was already experiencing .
she felt terrible about that , in addition to everything else , but laurel was n't the only friend she 'd neglected .
for the first time since she could remember , she was wearing three petticoats in addition to her corset .
did that mean he had a knife or some other weapon , in addition to the pistol he had already discharged ?
whatever injuries he sustained there were in addition to the truck accident or , as the police implied , a fight with barker .
a calculated conquest because now , in addition to getting exactly what he wanted from you at the cabin , you 're going to help him . ''
by the time the reverend became bold enough to invade her room , in addition to the occasional forced visits to his office , she was so ashamed and mortified by the thought of someone seeing those pictures that he no longer had to threaten her .
in addition to the payments on his manhattan flat and vehicles-not to mention parking for those vehicles-he 'd spent a fortune on private investigators , skip tracers , airfare , hotels and rental cars .
or she could read it ... . she thought of the events ahead of her -- her wedding on december 5 , the birth of her first child a year or two after that , the addition of other children .
she 's too fragile to deal with the issues between her and her father in addition to the current crisis . ''
`` remember that husband and wife in canada who victimized the wife 's sister in addition to murdering two other girls ? ''
the mirror affixed to the ceiling of the master bedroom might be a tacky addition , but certainly was n't proof of wrongdoing .
with the addition of the scabs over a multitude of cuts and scratches , the unwashed mess her black hair had become and the gash on her forehead , which had required ten stitches , she could almost pass for the bride of frankenstein .
in addition to that , he patches up other people 's animals-any animals , really-just because he 's good at it .
robert would be all too happy to think he 'd achieved his goal ; she could n't deal with that in addition to everything else .
and for you to do this to him in addition to everything else he 's endured ... . '' despite her heartbreak , a spark of anger came to jane 's rescue .
she wanted to get up and pace , but she did n't move for fear she 'd wake kate and have her daughter 's questions to answer in addition to her own .
the buildings had recently been painted ; a new addition stuck out from the main hall like an extra appendage .
in addition to the weight loss and general disarray of his clothes and normally perfectly styled hair , there was now a gaping wound on his cheek , his eyebrow was split open , and there were rusty smears of blood along the back of both of his hands .
zee kim , in addition to being a first-class gossipmonger/ party queen , was a former child prodigy .
apparently , in addition to dabbling in evil , he was also a whore for being fawned over by people who considered him a celebrity .
my mind was doing some quick mental additions , and the fact that chloe was cheerleader ex number two on the jack front had me more than a little suspicious .
once she 'd locked that door , she flipped the light switch on , and i realized that , in addition to the cup of ice she held in her left hand , she held a sparkly mint-green shirt in her right .
in addition , the deep shadows between the valleys of stacked boxes left much of the floor in pitch darkness .
in addition , the latest version of the formula that had been specially engineered for him was expanding his range of powers .
in addition , they got into the society 's genealogical database to set up a solid history for her , too . ''
in addition there was a belt in rosser 's bedroom that was identical to the one that was with the girl in the storage locker in your aunt 's basement .
in addition , a little research earlier in the evening had turned up the fact that , like most hospitals , it occasionally relied on temporary agency help to fill in when there was a staffing crunch .
in addition , knowing that an antidote exists would help undermine nightshade 's hold over its operatives .
in addition to trying to move into the mainstream , the threat presented by nightshade appears to be growing stronger .
in addition to being linked to their voices , the talent is also connected to their sexuality , hence the siren label . ''
when she came running out of 604 i realized that in addition to wearing a wig and the big glasses , she also had on a lot of heavy makeup .
she had to admit , however , that , in addition to his adoration and his billions , newlin had one immensely useful attribute .
in addition , craigmore came out of the depths of a government agency that specialized in creating false backgrounds .
the part of him that he did not advertise to the world-the not-quite-normal part-was still running hot , which meant he was flooded with parasensory input in addition to the information collected by his normal senses .
in addition , fallon was certain that some of the society 's carefully guarded computer files had been hacked into by someone who was very good when it came to not leaving tracks .
in addition , she was definitely not accustomed to being out of control the way she had been a few minutes before .
in addition , none of the few numbers that valerie had entered into the device 's phone book seemed unusual .
`` in addition to the number and location of the offshore account , i found two other items in meredith 's safe-deposit box , '' leonora said quietly .
in addition to the myths and fairy tales that feature mirrors , there are all those old master painters such as jan van eyck and rubens and goya who used them for symbolic purposes in their art .
in addition to the mirrors several pieces of old , heavy , victorian-style furniture had also been stashed up here .
in addition to his growing list of publications , he had recently exposed a fraudulent necklace that was supposed to have dated from the sixteenth century .
in addition , he could handle a sword , as he had proven the day he fought his way to safety after an assassination attempt in a church .
in addition , i 'm counting on this house , looking exactly as it did that night ail those years ago , to inspire some memories in the man . ''
the appearance of quarrel , with his mysterious ability , was too much to swallow in addition to this business of having to go back to the house on the cliffs .
in addition to the lack of caitlin 's past , i do n't like the fact that kincaid showed up in our lives last week , right after we got involved with evanger , who , we now discover , is planning to publicly humiliate him .
it might have been smarter to negotiate for a percentage of the treasure in addition to the consulting fee for the authentication report . ''
he began to detail a stone-by-stone examination of the west wing , and doug paid close attention to his description of how to differentiate original construction from later patches and additions .
in addition to creating those fascinating hallucinations you 're currently viewing , it makes you vulnerable to suggestion .
in addition to the art deco furnishings , there was a scattering of other antiques reflecting the history of jandj .
in addition , she had no problem with the concept of working for an investigation agency that specialized in the paranormal .
in addition to having the usual paranormal provenance , every single one of them should have been classified as weapons-grade artifacts according to the company guidelines . ''
`` well , as a matter of fact , in addition to managing the office , i 'm an investigator in the firm , '' isabella said .
`` so , in addition to the infighting , betrayals and backstabbings , we 'll be seeing some corporate espionage among the remaining circles . ''
she had no way of knowing how many more were out there in addition to the one she controlled , but she had to assume that there were other cells that possessed a version of the formula .
a mix of wild excitement and incredible tenderness spiraled through him , in addition to the wonder of being tightly inside her .
in addition , it looked as though lord scranton had also been dipping his hands into funds from a syndicate he 'd formed with some old school friends , and now he could n't replace their money .
conservatories , modern additions to older houses , would be on the ground floor , probably at the end of a wing .
she scowled at him , but hart only saw her in his heady vision of the corset and boots , made more erotic by a liberal addition of clotted cream .
in addition to the dust hanging thickly in the air , the walls were coated with cobwebs , and the grand staircase , winding upward from the great hall , was missing spindles and stair treads .
in addition to the ten freckles on her nose , freckles also ran down her throat to her chest , the pattern forming a point between her br**sts .
in addition , she 'd donned a blond wig so that wisps of pale hair occasionally curled below the veil .
he 'd finished making speeches to jacobi , but if daniel had gone on , he could have explained that he 'd learned all kinds of fighting in addition to what bellamy had taught him .
she 'd missed mr. mcbride leaving that day , but the next afternoon , bertie spied him walking to his coach , a big bundle of papers under his arm in addition to his valise .
it was n't big or done up like the trailside homes , but he was pretty handy and had built an addition and i guess saved enough for a hot tub .
in the general , seth saw the last male adult figure in his life , and he did n't want to lose him in addition to his father .
he read through the basic terms of their will and she discovered that in addition to the huge sum of money in the trust , her mother and father 's house would also revert to her .
in addition , i am an excellent candidate for secretive undertakings because i am fairly independent and '' -i hesitated , then forged on- '' somewhat reclusive . ''
behind dylan was a credenza , on which i observed a new addition to the chamber : a charming copper teapot .
by now we 'd reached the pub 's back wall , which was covered with heavy walnut paneling-an expensive addition to such a lowly place .
in addition , i 'd collected a sample of the dirt at the window and was taking it home for analysis .
in addition , the police found your knapsack next to his body , making you a person of interest . ''
in addition to making him feel like he was made of that spun-sugar stuff that kids ate at the anchorage summer market , it had also distorted his vision so that everything around him was edged in color .
in addition to helping us blend in , new clothes might also throw off any wights who 'd been tracking us .
he could hardly look at her , ever , without noticing her additions , which seemed to point at the world like an accusation .
i teach at bryce twice a week and provide counseling for staff and students in addition to maintaining my practice off campus .
in addition to the original detectives searching for amanda , and the two who 'd been assigned to locate ray likanski , the entire cac division was now clocking overtime on one case .
besides ourselves and broussard and poole , several cops from the cac unit worked the surveillance , and in addition to gutierrez and mullen we observed a rogues ' gallery of cheese olamon 's men .
along the way , he 'd pick up a few cases of heineken and several bottles of bacardi , because in addition to having the world 's smallest brain , tony t seemed determined to have the world 's hardest liver , and then he 'd hunker down in the cabin and watch cartoons on nickelodeon until someone came to get him .
he held my hand and thanked me with tears in his eyes , and he told me the story of how he 'd met pearse through diane bourne , who in addition to being his therapist had also been his lover .
when i finished , angie said , `` so the upshot is that in addition to not getting the job with duhamel-standiford , the world 's worst mother lost her child again , you did n't agree to help , but someone mugged you , threatened you , and beat the shit out of you anyway .
and james , who in addition to being a businessman and a mechanic , was , it turned out , an ordained minister and justice of the peace , held up his bible and said , `` i believe we have a solution to your dilemma . ''
in addition , three nights a week , you were required to sleep at the station house , in the fetid beds on the top floor , which were lice- or bug-ridden and had just been slept in by the poor slob who would take your place on the next patrol .
he announced that in addition to the regiments mayor peters had called up , he had asked brigadier general nelson bryant to assume command of the state response to the crisis .
in addition to a burgeoning career in prostitution , the mexican turned out to be a former member of pancho villa 's division del norte who was wanted in his homeland on charges of treason .
in addition , it was her instinct for philanthropy , coupled with joe and esteban 's need to clean their money , that led to joe 's buying up roughly 5 percent of ybor city .
in addition , the identity of an informant was considered a palace secret ; disclosure , even to a prosecutor , violated fbi rules .
in addition to coordinating their affairs with the mafia , the two were busy launching their new tactic of extorting tribute , or rent , from already established rackets .
the extra bulger caution was in addition to his already well-established countersurveillance habits , such as the driving techniques he employed to check to see if anyone was following him : suddenly pulling over ; suddenly reversing direction , especially on a one-way street ; suddenly veering from the high-speed lane on the highway to take an exit .
in addition , bulger and flemmi were told that operation beans was working out of the fargo building in boston .
in addition , ring noted that seeing two informants together-an accepted fact at this point in the history of the fbi 's deal with bulger and flemmi-was highly irregular .
for example , in addition to the $ 250,000 in brown money funneled back to him by finnerty , bulger had split fees with a state house lobbyist who brought him influence-seeking clients .
in addition , cadillac frank salemme was finally coming home , released from federal prison after serving fifteen years for the 1968 bombing of a lawyer 's car , the assassination attempt for which his accomplice and pal stevie flemmi had never been prosecuted .
in addition to having an even temperament , kelly could get people to row in the same direction and was able to rebuild some of the bridges that wyshak incinerated .
in addition to timothy connolly 's testimony , there was the momentous flip of true believer paul moore , a skilled boxer and renowned street fighter whose nickname `` polecat '' derived from his fast hands and feet .
in addition to a few of evie 's extended family members , jess was there with jacob , nicholas , vicki , meg , and ash .
in addition , they told me that they had prepaid for the dorm for the entire school year , and they wanted me to stay .
i contemplated whether i should tell him immediately about my new addition or wait and see how long it took him to notice .
in addition to grieving evie 's death , i also found that i needed to take control and responsibility for my own life .
the new addition to her calf had not gone unnoticed during her short-lived visit and despite everything else , it had thrilled me to know that she had gotten my design permanently inked onto her body .
in addition to all of that , the window seat gives you the luxury of seeing and connecting to the beautiful earth below you .
i even apologized for my outburst towards her back in the hospital , in addition to thanking her for finding me that night at the party .
i suspect in addition to those things , you feel a great deal of responsibility for what happened to mason on christmas and the events leading up to that night .
in addition , i could n't figure out their relationship at all ; it seemed as if they did n't know each other very well , which i could n't decide if that made me happy or not .
in addition to the fluffy pillows that covered the bed , a light blue organza had been draped around the top of the posters for a faux canopy appearance .
we wanted to get our new lineup perfected in addition to getting our name back out there , so we were playing any and every thing that came our way .
in addition , there was a basket of wine and chocolates on the bed and a box gift wrapped in silver paper with a huge pink bow on top of it .
i missed mase a lot too ; we had become such good friends in addition to what we had shared before .
so in addition to the impeccable writing and amazing flow to the book , the author does an incredible job of describing the ability to love two people and the different kinds of love that you can have .
in addition to the colored ornaments , we have strings of lights to match , and all of the ornaments that have sentimental value that always go on the tree , regardless of color theme .
i walked back towards the picnic table where the newest addition to our family , the furry kind , was still smiling through his panting .
if this got out , in addition to the slutty girl known for giving a guy head in between classes , i 'd also be labeled a rebound opportunist .
it was slippery from my sweaty hands , so now , in addition to not tripping , not passing out , and not saying anything stupid , i had to add `` do n't let the mic slide out my hands '' to the punch card .
and with the video to play alongside it and back up everything that i wrote , i knew that it could actually be a worthwhile addition to ada 's blog .
the music was on a continuous suck cycle except for the occasional addition of kylie minogue or lady gaga .
it was even worse than when i 'd left , with the addition of pink curtains to cover the one window at the end of the room , and a pink throw rug that rested between our beds .
`` taylor put up a memo in the locker room announcing your addition to the team , and it said you moved here from seattle . ''
eight days later , after heavy preparation and planning , their team- including the addition of american snipers-was inserted into the mountains by a vehicle-mounted patrol .
i pay you a monthly salary in addition to what black enterprises pays you , and you get to see me three times a week .
i froze and glared at the new addition to my bed for almost an entire minute before setting my beer on the dresser and walking over .
in addition to kicking car ass , it also helped cart around musical equipment when needed while still making me feel like i owned the road just a little , which was extremely satisfying .
in addition to the drivers thinking i was about five rungs out of my league , most everyone in the stands who 'd witnessed my rookie mistake was chuckling and shaking their head .
the addition of `` in the bedroom '' made it clear that if i were to be in control , it would be here only-and because she allowed it .
there are twenty-two private organizations like the order in the united states alone , in addition to the unknown number of private contractors like me .
the front legs of the chair come back down hard against the floor and then three more men , in addition to the one who dragged me , are holding my arms and legs .
the bass player and max were the original founding members , and it looked like max 's boyfriend was a more recent addition .
you mentioned marriage and rowen in the same sentence , and i 'm guessing there was no addition of polygamy and jolene . ''
in addition to the breathing problem , i was unable to sleep for longer than an hour at a time , i 'd eaten a total of two bowls of cereal that alex practically had to force feed me , i could n't seem to remember jack , i broke out in tears over certain songs or commercials , and i could n't lift a pencil to paper , let alone actually make something that might count as art .
so in addition to the rest of my jesse-separation symptoms , i felt a guilt so overwhelming i had n't been able to drag myself out of bed for three mornings .
with the addition of a bit of boob fondling and a whole bit more of josie rocking her h*ps into mine , we 'd had a successful , insanely-sexy-without-actual-sex make-out session .
the girl on the other side of the bed rolled over and narrowed her eyes at the new addition to our awkward little party .
i pulled my long hair out of the collar of my coat and tried not to wince as the movement caused my new addition to move uncomfortably against my bra .
it would 've been a tower , if the additions to the manor over the years had n't evolved and hidden it from view .
in addition to the points that are being traded back and forth , there 's a hell of a lot of smack talk .
in addition , we bring in our own lunch , which includes several chicken sandwiches , fries and two sodas .
the addition of `` in the bedroom '' made it clear that if i were to be in control , it would be here only-and because she allowed it .
because the guy was quite short , we had to improvise around his legs with the addition of javier 's silk ties .
the sun shining on her , making her a silhouette , in addition to her stance , is what makes her feel so strong .
`` ... in addition to the aforementioned shares , a seat on the board of directors shall be given to rachel weber .
`` well , it 'll go nicely with your new wardrobe addition , '' the dark-haired one said , handing me a bright orange jumpsuit .
it was turning into a weekly ritual , though tristan was a new addition to the equation , since he 'd been gone so often lately .
`` it 's a great honor to us as parents , seeing the boys we raised into men , choosing the kind of women our sons have chosen , and knowing that our family will grow and become bigger and better with each new addition .
i 'd been wary to even look at it , but knowing that i would probably be seeing james , since we were going to his hotel , and that not much would please him more , i peeked at what were obviously new additions to my jewelry collection .
there were a few more lines in that lovely addition to the vows , but i barely heard them as i watched my bridegroom 's trembling lips form the words , `` i love you , '' in a hushed whisper .
as we all made our way onto heather 's back porch deck , ellie and heather were going a mile a minute , talking about the two new additions to our little group .
i 'd missed my bass practice times all weekend in addition to the ensemble rehearsal , so i would be scrambling to complete additional hours of practice during the week .
`` and in addition , we 're putting forth a motion to have the school renamed the jonathan lyons middle school . ''
travel took a lot out of a person , and in addition to that , violet felt as if she 'd been on an emotional roller coaster for the last week .
in addition , she was wearing a white tank top with a loose , low-swooping neckline that showed off her br**sts magnificently .
in addition to losing her dad , and putting up with her mom , she did n't have a smooth time of it at school , either .
the relationship between him , dylan , and laura was stronger than ever , and the addition of cyndi as a nanny had opened up time for the three of them to reconnect consistently , to get a sense of equanimity , to revel in the joy of intimacy and laughter , of sensuality and bonds that made their family so much stronger .
behind her , nicole andrade , the newest addition to the clan and stephan 's wife , shyly ducked her head in .
the additions informed the world that he was living with me in our `` love nest in ri '' and that he had introduced me to his parents .
i raked my eyes slowly up his toned chest and saw that in addition to his tattoo sleeves , he had one that twisted and scrolled across the top of his chest from shoulder to shoulder that read , 'honor thy father and thy mother . '
the first time there , i attended a meeting as the design team presented the new additions to the holiday line for his approval .
i decide to order the steak since money does n't seem to be an issue , and we each order a cocktail in addition to the champagne .
even though she was only in his life until he was eight or nine , she must have had some influence on him in those early years , in addition to whatever good traits she passed down to him genetically .
the addition of her hand stroking me was enough , and i came hard , losing myself in leah 's beautiful body .
there were a lot of new additions to the twenty-five-year-old garrett , starting with a set of eight-pack abs and a chiseled chest that made me think dirty , dirty things .
in addition to my family , we 'd also invited logan 's best friend , colin , and his family , who my mother had basically adopted as another extension of the finnegan family .
laughter filled the house as we made our way back to the kitchen where we celebrated the newest addition to our growing family .
`` avery is going through a phase where , in addition to only wearing her princess costume , she will only eat things that are orange or green .
in addition to being tall , dark , and handsome with eyes that could make a harpy melt , he also had a fantastic ass .
in the course of an hour , he had found several small flaws and offered solutions to problems i had n't foreseen in addition to ones i was struggling with .
maddy had suggested that i put my hair up with this dress , and i had to admit that with the addition of some dangling earrings , i looked pretty darn good .
in addition to my constant google searches , news article alerts , and myface stalking , twitter and all of its over-sharing socialites suddenly became my lookouts .
it did n't matter that i was already doing most of the work on all her other cases in addition to my other job duties because she did n't know how to do it properly .
in addition to their in-house lawyers , they contract out to 15 firms to handle all their legal work , '' kathryn explained .
the entire office was staying late trying to catch up on the dallas disaster in addition to their regular workloads .
in addition to the usual assortment of bills , advertisements , and random coupons , there was a large , professional-looking envelope .
mr. haymore mentioned these latest additions to the property-at least at some point during his rambling i remember him saying something about a blacksmith 's forge and candle-making shop and some other crap-but i did n't hear him mention where they 'd been built .
we finished our addition on the children 's home and are already in the planning stages for another on the other side of the region .
in addition to breaking his thumbs , vincent had also fractured his forearm in the fight with marty .
with the assault charge you 're filing now , in addition to his attempt at extortion , this is enough to see him incarcerated again . ''
one thing that seemed different this morning , in addition to a very good ache between my legs , was that he seemed to want to be in physical contact with me at all times .
in addition to the parlor , family room and dining room i had seen , there was a huge kitchen and a cozy library on the first floor .
i wandered around the apartment that would eventually become my place too , stopping to look again at the pictures hanging on braden 's wall , the harvard crew he rowed with , braden with adam and mark at georgetown law , braden with his family in martha 's vineyard , and finally , the most recent addition , braden looking debonair in his tux and me not looking too shabby in my gown at his family 's fundraiser last month .
incidentally , in addition to the accent she also had a voice that made you want to jump off a bridge .
it used to be my mom and dad 's room until my dad added an addition with bedrooms to the back of the house .
i had shipped most of my belongings beforehand , so i only had one suitcase and a couple of boxes with me , in addition to trisha 's suitcase .
`` in addition to the program we intend to institute , ian has spoken of taking this campaign nationwide .
both of us had been so stressed with work lately , and with the addition of lucah 's disaster of a brother , ryder , some nights we came home and just collapsed in bed .
lilia , in addition to her own email account , had access to mine , but i forgot sometimes that she could see it whenever she wanted .
in addition to getting me when he moved in , he also got my extensive dvd collection that sloane had added to over the years .
in addition to the people they 'd hired to do the investigation , they 'd hired a headhunter and had spent plenty of company dollars wooing ( stealing ) rising stars from other tech companies .
`` in addition to my stuff , my pictures and everything , '' he said as he led me up the stairs of the garage to almost the top level , `` this car has been with me through everything .
in addition to the getting emotional at random moments and the urges to declare my love almost constantly .
lucah said , sitting down on the bed , which now had the addition of a few throw pillows sloane had found somewhere .
lucah was n't here , and i wished ( in addition to the time machine ) that i had a way to beam him up from his office so he could be with me .
after a while we were all laughing so hard that there were tears and we were all gasping and rolling on the floor and i knew that my stomach , in addition to my back ( from the vigorous table sex ) was going to be sore tomorrow .
he smiled and kissed down my neck , licking and biting , and with the addition of the tongue barbell , i was a quivering mess by the time he used it to stroke one of my ni**les .
my piercing was designed to stimulate me in that area already , but in addition with the little ball on his tongue ring , i was coming undone in only a matter of moments .
i was pretty much over him , but she still wanted to go and let the air out of the tires of his beloved bmw and then key it , in addition to a lot of other illegal things .
she looked in danger of tipping over at any moment , and had her chest thrust forward to show it off , as though anyone could miss the new additions .
she headed straight to the podium , where i stood talking to a nice couple that was seriously considering purchasing one of the limited additions from this month 's featured photographer .
in addition , the allegro cleaned house , getting rid of a few dealers and some other staffers who were in cahoots .
the meeting with denkler combined with the time at the shrink 's , in addition to all those jumbled feelings of fuck-uppery with aubrey had him on edge .
sofia said , clasping her hand over her heart , as if she truly was enthralled about the addition of a new vibrator to the crew of high-end pleasure devices the fancy pharmacy sold .
a late addition to the lot , the image was of that same man and woman , but this time without an umbrella , staring up at the sky , caught in the rain-big , buoyant raindrops that shone like stars .
she must have compiled some kind of dossier on him because she knew his height , weight , where he went to school , what he did for a living , how much money he earned , in addition to dozens of other details i probably could have done without .
i understood a man like him had to be a slave to his work , but always waking up alone in bed made me feel as i was something extra in his life , like an addition he did n't need .
in addition to tasting great , my chocolate martinis had the wonderful effect of making me hate the facade we had to keep up a little less , at least for the moment .
i 've packed our bags , which in addition to toiletries and random articles of clothing , each include formal black attire suited for a funeral .
in addition to his rich , deep tone caressing the words , pace lingers over different parts of the story , points out objects on the page and names them , pauses at the turn of each new page so they can admire the illustration .
in addition to being nocturnal , as many programmers were , he had come down with the flu the day before the meeting .
the current state of the space left much to be desired , but with some elbow grease and a few additions , we could make this work .
in addition to bombarding my brain with mindless television , i had been busy shoving down the memories of the other night that kept popping up , back down to the dark place i kept mark 's memories .
we come to a stop in front of an oversized covered porch-judging by its newer and mismatched shingles and wood beams , clearly a later addition to the house-and i immediately spot the gray-haired figure sitting on a bench , her lap covered by a large quilt , needle in hand .
terry the deejay 's voice crackles over the speaker to announce , `` next up is charlie ... a new addition to penny 's .
so , in addition to managing all the girls ' needs backstage , which included being a surrogate mother , a psychologist , a makeup artist , a troubleshooter , and a comedian , grace also taught them how to dance .
this , in addition to their standardized bag of gear , was all that our players were allowed to bring for their six weeks on the island .
then a year later , you need some more space , and you salvage some more wood and you add on to the end of the last addition .
my spirit soared as i thought of another addition to this family , as i thought of watching elizabeth 's bel y grow with another child , of standing by her side , and of being there when it was brought into this world .
`` but you might want to spend some time reading mackinnon and dworkin , in addition to next week 's books .
in addition to professor lowell 's screenwriting session , natasha is also signed up for a range of core curriculum and film modules .
which reminds me that in addition to the dubious honor of being a newly owned psi delt doable , i 'm also not exactly riding high in my study partner 's good books .
in addition to the boy at the jared jameson show , i also hooked up ( to use native parlance ) with somebody else at a frat party over the weekend .
`` in addition to this beautiful confection '' -the cake chief rolls his neck with his signature attitude the camera has grown to love- '' i 'm offering you a free cake from our bakery every month for the entire next year as a way to extend the celebration . ''
`` in addition to whatever you 've got planned , make him take an anger management course-put him in a sober living home to detox .
in addition to that , i 've bought and traded enough stocks and assets over this last year alone to create a nice financial cushion for laney and me .
with the addition of luke 's parents , lucy and neil , and two siblings , samantha and mark , along with my parents as well , this house is overflowing with bodies , loud with voices and laughter , and is a little too warm .
we will be serving you three courses , in addition to an appetizer course and , of course , dessert .
in the three months that caleb was gone , dom has worked hard to get to know all of us and he 's been a welcome addition to the family .
in addition to the lunch and then the popcorn , she had her fair share of fast food before the day was over .
he helped me into the tub ; in addition to the pain inflicted by izel , my large belly made it difficult to do on my own .
`` in exchange for all information on vonnegut and an ongoing hunt for him , the united states would remain deaf and blind to your operations , and in addition , would provide you with all necessary essentials-funds , authorization into top secret files , anything-when working an assignment for us . ''
she sits tied to that chair ; her legs and ankles and torso wrapped many times and pulled so tight she can hardly move ; her forearms and wrists are bound to the metal arms , in addition to the chains and cuffs .
three more times-in addition to the probably ten others before that one-the little boy bangs against the back of my seat , until finally the mother hurriedly leaves with him , apologizing to me again just before she walks away with her young son 's hand clasped in hers .
and justin ... well , serena did n't have a handle on sean 's twin yet , beyond sensing that he was really nice in addition to being ridiculously good looking .
as upset as i was about the man i loved nearly losing his life , they had the same fears , in addition to the fear of dying themselves .
`` i have n't been able to try our new dosing on the current subjects yet , and with the addition of myka 's dna , i think the implant integration process will go even more smoothly than before .
part-human , part-machine , and while both of his systems have integrated and work together , they 're still separate , like with most cybernetic additions people have installed .
i did n't fully understand what it was to be an addict , but i 'd seen the pain that many of the group were dealing with and i was beginning to understand how complex the issue of addition was .
in addition to being the best bad dancer ever , angus could move well when he was being serious-to the point that people loved watching him .
it helped to discover he had quirks , too , in addition to the insecurity over the looks-versus-brains dichotomy i already knew about .
in addition , he enjoyed classic movies , big band music , going to antique shops with my mom and , of course , karaoke .
in fact i was n't thrilled about the new addition on my head , considering that since i wore my hair so short , the bald spot from the scar was bound to show .
ashley apparently forgot all about my fatness and ugliness marring her party and bounded over to the new additions .
i really was , and now with the addition of nash and the new and exciting way he tended to force me outside of my comfort zone , i was even starting to appreciate all the new things in it .
he had moves i had never seen before and the addition of that metal cross on the tip of his impressive package kicked things up to a mind-melting level .
rome had closed the business to the public for the night but that did n't mean the place was n't filled to the brim with family and friends wanting to say good-bye and welcome the newest addition to our crazy family .
in addition to the weight loss and general disarray of his clothes and normally perfectly styled hair , there was now a gaping wound on his cheek , his eyebrow was split open , and there were rusty smears of blood along the back of both of his hands .
as excited as we were to have a new addition to our family , i knew we were n't going to be able to go to north carolina with the rest of the family .
in a few short months , we would be welcoming another addition to our growing family and when i thought about their future , i hoped that they would be as close as i was with my cousins .
i was already a father , and a damn good one at that , but hearing that miranda and i had created another addition to our family , well it was one of the happiest moments of my life .
we kept joking to colt that he was soon going to have to build an addition just to house all of the pictures she had .
ty and conner were busy with new additions to the farm and the kids took up every second of my time .
chapter 17 colt with the addition of noah to our family , savanna and i did n't exactly have a lot of alone time .
`` as much as i love our family , i ca n't wait to get home and get that addition done so we can sleep naked every night . ''
while the people in the room celebrated the birth of this new addition , i struggled with keeping the last thing i ate down .
all i was to my dad was a disappointment , and this new addition to our family made it more obvious .
i moan at the press and roll of his mouth over mine , and the addition of his thumb sliding behind me , slowly killing me as he caresses my little ass .
the idea that i might be having blackouts in addition to hallucinations soured my already bleak mood .
they looked like ancient southwestern pueblo houses , with the addition of leather flaps covering the doorways and windows to keep the heat in .
in the darkness i mistook sam 's shirt for mine until i pulled it on and , in addition to hanging off me , it smelled like him .
in addition to margarita glasses in various stages of emptiness , poker chips were piled at each place .
sarah had thought erin had more fire in her than to serve the men bacon for breakfast in addition to the wet t-shirt at night .
`` in addition to his storied acting career , he has his own line of exercise equipment , remember ? ''
in addition , i wanted to ... his hand snaked out and landed on my thigh , keeping me in place when i tried to sneak away as he paid her .
other than the new addition of the birthing bed on the left , it was deceptively homey ... until you looked closer and saw that the whole room was sterile and cold , as i was now , with no personal items to be found , except maybe a book or two i had purchased to try to take my mind off ... not remembering , which was harder than you could imagine .
in addition to inheriting my grandfather 's position , i was also the leader of the new york contingent of the society .
i groaned , annoyed to see that in addition to jared sitting behind my desk , owen , levi 's advisor , was also camped out in my office .
i write a note to michael about the new payroll and employee additions and toss it on his desk before heading down .
the day after they brought the baby home , they threw a small family party so everyone could meet the new addition .
and in addition to all this bullshit going on about the size of my ass and whether i was sleeping with sexy scientist guy , i had the biggest thing ever in my professional career going on .
in addition to my self-guided tours , i had his suggestions , and i was experiencing the city as an insider .
scratchy and tinny , not at all the sound quality this century was used to , it was a great addition to the room .
in addition to my own house renovations i was in the home stretch on the claremont , which filled my days .
in the time i 'd known simon , i 'd committed several images of him to memory : seeing him for the first time , clad only in a sheet and a smirk ; driving back across the bridge with him the night of jillian 's housewarming , when we called a truce ; warped and blurry simon as seen from inside an afghan ; backlit by tiki torches , wet , and looking devilishly handsome by hot tub ; and a recent addition to my best of simons ?
i ca n't give you an official answer today , but i am confident that you will make a great addition to the next induction of rookies .
a few more strokes and the addition of another finger to fill me further has me writhing against my hand as i hear another groan from the bathroom .
i do n't know what 's in it , but i like it and the tingles it is creating in my body are a welcome addition too .
she was a snow cone vendor at broadway at the beach in addition to waiting tables at the mad hatter .
emilio is a new addition to the diner 's staff ( any other time i might 've said family , but i would rather get poked repeatedly with a sharp object than call that guy family ) , and he has to be the hardest person to get along with i 've ever met .
she got a hummus wrap and i ordered the special , known as the `` winslow , '' which was basically a chicken caesar wrap with the addition of crushed croutons , which was such a brilliant idea that i could n't believe someone had n't thought of it sooner .
not that her hair had been terribly long , but with this shorter style and the addition of the right mousse and appropriate hairbrush , petra had changed her appearance .
in addition to helicopters , which just happen to be my favorite to fly , we have executive jets that hold anything from four passengers to sixty . ''
he 's always what i imagined an irish guy to look like , with the addition of a full upper body of tattoos .
in the back of his mind he answers that having a woman to love and share his bed with would be a great addition , but he ignores that thought .
but there 's another benefit too , in addition to having more chances of getting our messages delivered .
we 'd added the addition above the garage at the last minute when liza and i had decided we needed a more private master suite .
this in addition to all the dinners , the family camping trips , everything that they gave me while tricia was working at the bar or out with one of her boyfriends .
dylan is right up against my side , and if her arms wrap any tighter around me , i 'll have difficulty breathing in addition to difficulty standing .
in addition to playing the piano during the service and teaching the second-grade sunday school class , she 's been my dance instructor since dad and i moved here four and a half years ago .
he did n't want me to live in the dorms in the first place , so this will be another addition to his list of reasons i 'm not mature enough to handle going to school in new york . ''
someone must have been feeling especially celebratory , because in addition to the keg , there 's liquor and mixers set up on the bar .
in high school i 'd sported multiple piercings - an ear stud , a barbell through an eyebrow and a nipple ring - in addition to the lip ring .
i knew damned well she was n't my responsibility or my concern ... but i did n't want her to fail a class , in addition to whatever that douchebag had done to her by ending their three-year relationship .
principal ingram had threatened me with her zero tolerance , and wynn probably could kick my ass in addition to getting me expelled .
the way he had laid out my notes , the little additions he had made where it was obvious i was struggling , had made all the difference .
her eyes had shifted and she was looking past hardy to the end of the short addition , to the back wall where a row of pots lined a single shelf there .
we walk down the hall , discussing the new additions of art and rugs and knick knacks here and there .
and i felt guilty for making mental additions to my to-do list while he was trying-keyword , trying-to get it on with me .
i was a poodle jumping through hoops to keep the peace and it was ridiculous in addition to exhausting .
if your porche wins , i 'll give you two-hundred bucks in addition to the winnings you 'll receive from the pot on the bet you have already placed . ''
i knew in addition to speaking with her father-man to man-that i needed to win over her brother , too .
in addition to training local militaries , its contractors often provided protection services for key staff members traveling abroad and domestically , as well as protection of important natural resources , such as the oil fields in the middle east .
in addition to its vast overseas presence , his company also provided security for a wide variety of clients on domestic soil , from dignitaries to celebrities .
in addition to her piano , she had several different types of guitars , a keyboard , amps , and anything else a musician could possibly desire .
these people were responsible for the downing of several flights , in addition to the bombing of multiple government buildings here and abroad .
four bedrooms , so the girls each get their own room ... and there is room enough for an addition to the family if we can fit that in later on . ''
`` jesse , remember before you left you said you thought it was time to start on a few additions.. ? ''
now her world was changing even more with the addition of a brother-in-law and another move-even if the move was a mere two houses down .
otherworld was spread around the patio along with rachel , natalie , and the newest addition to my staff , felicity .
in addition to the overpowering lust and growing addiction i had for his incredible body and the pleasure it gave me , was there something else ?
we baked some brownies to cover the smell from hot-knifing hash on the electric stove , and drank her father 's coors light from the garage , made cold with the addition of frozen fruit chunks .
every piece i 'd tried on aroused me , and when he called , the addition of his voice to the mix brought me near tears .
`` this is a fully functioning media center , but as you know ... '' she nattered on about historic preservation overlay zones and districts , the rules that had to be abided , how her agency would help buyers navigate the process , and why the media room was still a great addition .
knight 's only addition to making our house a home , outside my ivory roses in the bedroom , was what was mounted on the wall above that table .
`` i do n't have a cast iron skillet , baby , and shortening is not an acceptable addition to my pantry .
for he still looked very alert , he now looked very pissed and he 'd added a narrow-eyed , alert , angry disbelief which i knew for sure was not a good addition .
my mind reeled back to latanya and bradon , with the addition of brent and derek , all coming over with some of my clothes , makeup and toiletries , doing the best they could with the hand they were dealt .
we had a great dinner that was pandemonium ( mostly because of billie who clearly could n't decide if she had a bigger crush on joel or rex so she lavished attention on both of them in addition to mitch , who was definitely now her third most favorite person in the world behind billy and me and she wanted him to know it ) and the entire time we were out i did n't feel like i was in an insane dream world that was n't mine .
no aspirin or acetaminophen to be found , again , just like me ( if you did n't count the recent addition of children 's tylenol ) .
this was not just being betrayed by a man who he 'd shown kindness but the fact that his cousin 's proclivities had affected a woman he knew well and cared about deeply in addition to the two children she claimed as her own .
i 'd been around jill three times because she came with laura and/or fern to my bakery but i had yet to meet fritz , kalie or kellie and , to add to that , austin , laura 's husband and levi , brock 's brother would be new additions to my ever-expanding lucas social network .
and it was better than a daydream and not only because j 's noodles was a welcome addition but because it was real .
i gave them directions to the lair and a head 's up about the elvira addition and then i sipped more coffee .
when he disappeared in his bathroom ( that would be fabulous bathroom , massive sunken jacuzzi tub , the room also decorated in creams and blacks with the rich addition of midnight blues ) , i tore my eyes from their avid contemplation of watching his muscles move while he walked and spied the kaleidoscope sitting on the carved wooden box on his nightstand .
deke was kind of a new addition to my life , the `` kind of '' being that i did n't know much about him , did n't talk much to him , he rarely talked to me but he was around a lot .
this was probably why he did n't have a lot because , before his life was interrupted , he 'd been patiently accumulating , buying the best , happy to wait until he could afford the next addition because it had to be right , what he wanted , the `` nice shit '' .
some of these were recent additions she 'd bought when she was with her girls , getting it in order to make a nicer table .
his eyes slid from her , his torso twisting , his gaze moving to the latest addition in their house .
not to mention they could bring the rare but plausible additions of their other friends , wendy , maggie , stella , betty , sunny , avril , amber , jazz , kayeleen , or god forbid , the crazy twyla who scared me more than krystal .
with that massive truck and the addition of a trailer , it would take him a while to find a good parking spot .
in addition to ms. shepherd , a police officer and a bartender in brownsburg , indiana , were severely injured during the kidnapping of one of lowe 's hostages , february owens .
they were really good additions , seeing as , when it came to ham , i had an excellent imagination .
they looked like they 'd make good additions to his club , and he was more than happy to get them involved .
murphy had a lot of respect for the two men , and he did believe they 'd make a good addition to the skulls .
but in addition to all of the personal revelations candace was having , she also felt more inspired to write than she ever had before .
he grinned at her , his eyes sparkling with humor in addition to that intense heat that never seemed to go away .
several of the usual suspects were there-a handful of local hockey and baseball players , in addition to several outlaws .
he always had such an easiness about him , but now in addition to his usual relaxed , confident stance , she saw joy too .
if things between them did n't work out , she did n't want to have to console her mother in addition to herself .
it was n't easy to stuff down her heady anticipation , but after she put mason down for his nap , she needed to make some seriously good use of the next couple of hours on another small article that was due soon , in addition to the one she was writing about dylan .
that addition actually sounded painful coming from sam , as though he had to force it from his throat .
there were n't many people who would n't want to be related to max and maddie , seeing as they were two of the richest people in the world- in addition to being two of the kindest individuals kade knew .
in addition to being an incredible lover , he had become her first true friend , the one man who had treated her with respect and kindness .
how could he explain that he suddenly wanted to protect her , fix things for her , in addition to the fact that he was dying to f**k her ?
she tells me she 's still working a full-time job in addition to being a novelist , which kind of blows my mind , but i guess there are people like that .
`` in addition to said income , i 'd also donate a million to a charity of your choice-such as the school-no questions asked .
in addition to any administrative needs i may require , you will make yourself available as my submissive . ''
he rocks his hips against mine to ensure an oscillatory output in addition to his back-forth pistoning ones .
amused by her , he took a seat in an armchair next to eve , who in addition to being their sibling , was elec and evan 's pr rep. `` hey eve , what 's up ? ''
and she had a worry weighing on her like no other , in addition to the hurt she was feeling over ryder and his taking her to his love shack , aka the wynn hotel .
who in addition to giving her three orgasms , left hot coffee in two thermoses on the kitchen counter , a note next to them .
none of her neighbors were close , in addition to which , fairyville had an ordinance against commercial lights shining after ten .
`` in addition to the program we intend to institute , ian has spoken of taking this campaign nationwide .
`` assuming you get the appropriate paperwork and town approval , the addition will fit in nicely with the rest of the house .
`` we 're starting construction on the addition for the spa , '' he replied , just as loudly , speaking over the noise .
the neighbor , as nice as she was , could n't afford to keep connor in addition to her two other kids , and his trip through foster care had begun .
as she made her way to the bottom step , she noticed the newest addition to the wall , a picture of sam and spank in matching dresses .
that was the one thing about jamie that separated him from me , in addition to the human , nonhuman thing .
both of us had been so stressed with work lately , and with the addition of lucah 's disaster of a brother , ryder , some nights we came home and just collapsed in bed .
lilia , in addition to her own email account , had access to mine , but i forgot sometimes that she could see it whenever she wanted .
in addition to getting me when he moved in , he also got my extensive dvd collection that sloane had added to over the years .
in addition to the people they 'd hired to do the investigation , they 'd hired a headhunter and had spent plenty of company dollars wooing ( stealing ) rising stars from other tech companies .
`` in addition to my stuff , my pictures and everything , '' he said as he led me up the stairs of the garage to almost the top level , `` this car has been with me through everything .
in addition to the getting emotional at random moments and the urges to declare my love almost constantly .
lucah said , sitting down on the bed , which now had the addition of a few throw pillows sloane had found somewhere .
lucah was n't here , and i wished ( in addition to the time machine ) that i had a way to beam him up from his office so he could be with me .
after a while we were all laughing so hard that there were tears and we were all gasping and rolling on the floor and i knew that my stomach , in addition to my back ( from the vigorous table sex ) was going to be sore tomorrow .
he smiled and kissed down my neck , licking and biting , and with the addition of the tongue barbell , i was a quivering mess by the time he used it to stroke one of my ni**les .
my piercing was designed to stimulate me in that area already , but in addition with the little ball on his tongue ring , i was coming undone in only a matter of moments .
i was pretty much over him , but she still wanted to go and let the air out of the tires of his beloved bmw and then key it , in addition to a lot of other illegal things .
aidan rhodes was also a recent addition to poker night , but he 'd already been close to most of the guys thanks to his tight-knit friendship with o'connor .
mother and babies are resting comfortably , and zoo officials hope to reveal the new additions to the public in the next few weeks ... '' miranda tuned out the news report as she stood by the stove , flipping pancakes .
i bring the phone up to my ear , working to sound calm and aloof , the way i used to sound before i realized priscilla was going to michael lockwood 's house on a regular basis , in addition to f**king josh smith .
in addition to my adventures with priscilla , marchant and i are going after lockwood with everything we have .
in addition to doing camera and security work for priscilla , michael lockwood also fights semi-professionally-meaning he has fans .
`` in addition to claiming all sarabelle 's client logs earlier today , the fbi is out at love incorporated right now .
the ride to my parents ' house is short and heart-pumping enough to make me worry that in addition to all the other shit , maybe i lost my balls in the accident as well .
sure , she 'd have the newest foster addition , rhona , but the girl was far from friendly and kept everyone at a distance .
in addition to that , meribel has 150km of pistes and even had a few decent snowparks as well as lots of non-ski activities .
in addition to all that , he 'd been ripped from his childhood home right afterward and thrust into the unpredictable world of foster care.. `` i am truly sorry , ms. weston .
`` as you both know , howard jahn amassed an extensive collection of art and artifacts in addition to his cash , securities , and real property holdings . ''
`` in addition to the property and contents thereof , your uncle left you one specific bequest of personal property .
i complied , then held my breath as something hard and flat smacked my rear once , then again , then one more time before evan stopped and pressed his hands to my flesh , rubbing at the sting , soothing it , turning the pain into pleasure , and the pleasure into the intensity of a need made all the more piquant by the addition of the plug , which , with each spank , seemed to tease me that much more .
in addition to the usual things like phone number and social security number , the employee form listed candy 's address in indiana as her permanent address and a local address that had been crossed out with red pen .
tonight 's sparkling gala celebrated the opening of this newest addition to chicago 's well-known river north gallery district , and everyone who was anyone was here .
i spent another hour poking around the house , measuring , taking notes , thinking about all the things i had to buy-in addition to the house itself-simply to make my meager amount of stuff fit into this tiny space .
in addition to all those things , cole had at least a dozen more gizmos and contraptions in the works , none of which he 'd tell me about .
in addition to my sparkly black top , i am decked out in a black leather miniskirt , thigh-high stockings , a tiny red thong , and very high , very fuckable heels .
and i 'm new enough to los angeles to crave the addition of a few more friends to the small circle i 've gathered since i 've moved to la .
the front door is more or less the same , the `` more '' being the addition of yet another deadbolt to the two locks that were already there .
she looked in danger of tipping over at any moment , and had her chest thrust forward to show it off , as though anyone could miss the new additions .
she headed straight to the podium , where i stood talking to a nice couple that was seriously considering purchasing one of the limited additions from this month 's featured photographer .
speaking of which , he now needed to go over the addition of the cocktail party with nathan , joe and edge so they could prepare for it and ensure that eden got there safely and that one of kgi would be in hearing distance of eden at all times .
nathan immediately started in on how gorgeous the governor 's daughter was and how the only fair thing was for them to flip a coin , but he sure hoped he 'd win because he 'd heard that in addition to being drop-dead gorgeous , she was also a complete nymphomaniac .
in addition she 'd received notice that she could officially close on her condominium in three weeks , and thus had all the planning associated with that endeavor filling up her days .
they also took long walks on the horse paths that cut through the large property , meandering by a wooded area and a small lake in addition to the vast acreage of the fields .
he 's suicidal in addition to being homicidal , so at least he 's an equal opportunity lunatic , '' kendra said , anger lacing her tone despite what she 'd said about niall 's defense of her ex-husband .
the manufacturer had followed his directions to perfection , the only exception being the addition of a dark pink circle around the top ring of the implement .
his body blocked her view , making it difficult to see what he set on the padded table in addition to the paddle as she removed the requested garments .
in addition to all that , she had the example of her mother when it came to sex-not an example to follow , but an example to guard against .
several minutes later , she stood alone in the huge bathroom , which featured a step-up marble spa bath in the center of it in addition to a steam shower .
i hope in addition to what i said , you 'll also hear me saying how lovely you are , '' he murmured , stroking her cheek .
in addition , the crime had happened during a well-publicized and well-attended press conference , the gunshot itself being picked up by press cameras .
after speaking with kam in detail about his shared past with gaines , in addition to discovering some journals that had belonged both to gaines 's mother and trevor himself , ian had begun to suspect that gaines had been abused as a young man by his new stepfather , alfred aurore .
`` if i gather baseline data for your entire body , in addition to the other information you provided from the sensor and from the questionnaire , i 'll be able to use a logarithm i created that will make an automatic correction for the data at the wrist .
in addition , the allegro cleaned house , getting rid of a few dealers and some other staffers who were in cahoots .
the meeting with denkler combined with the time at the shrink 's , in addition to all those jumbled feelings of fuck-uppery with aubrey had him on edge .
sofia said , clasping her hand over her heart , as if she truly was enthralled about the addition of a new vibrator to the crew of high-end pleasure devices the fancy pharmacy sold .
a late addition to the lot , the image was of that same man and woman , but this time without an umbrella , staring up at the sky , caught in the rain-big , buoyant raindrops that shone like stars .
she must have compiled some kind of dossier on him because she knew his height , weight , where he went to school , what he did for a living , how much money he earned , in addition to dozens of other details i probably could have done without .
i understood a man like him had to be a slave to his work , but always waking up alone in bed made me feel as i was something extra in his life , like an addition he did n't need .
in addition to tasting great , my chocolate martinis had the wonderful effect of making me hate the facade we had to keep up a little less , at least for the moment .
`` i do n't have any place for the baby , so i do n't mind moving in with you until i can have an addition put on this cottage .
why the hell would he care that this child was doing well in school , that her teacher was starting her off on addition even in preschool and several years ahead of her peers ?
i was getting seriously strapped , paying the utilities and property taxes on the place , in addition to my condo .
all of the clothes that had been on the airplane magically appeared in the master stateroom on the yacht with some new additions .
i had already decided she 'd be a great addition to my team and that working for me would be a good way for her to cut her teeth in the business and maybe harden up a bit .
the affair is our most formal event of the year , and in addition to raising a good chunk of money , it 's our chance to honor our biggest donors and supporters .
no , seriously , there were champagne fountains , in addition to two dozen or so servers strategically roaming the open room with trays of flutes filled with liquid gold .
both of our bodies seemed to relax at the same time once the fire burned out , proof of how much stress it had taken on us physically in addition to the mental and emotional turmoil .
i 've packed our bags , which in addition to toiletries and random articles of clothing , each include formal black attire suited for a funeral .
in addition to his rich , deep tone caressing the words , pace lingers over different parts of the story , points out objects on the page and names them , pauses at the turn of each new page so they can admire the illustration .
in addition to business problems today , her mother had called to nag her about her father 's clergy anniversary party .
in addition to putting you in a bind with missing the fight , that leaves four days ' worth of classes uncovered . ''
so in addition to sending you all the information , she chose five other companies she 'd heard positive feedback on and sent them the specs too . ''
'the all new vibrating lick'n'love ring features all the best features of our regular vibrating cock ring , with the addition of an innovative silicone tongue-shaped clit stimulator for enhanced couple play .
in addition to being nocturnal , as many programmers were , he had come down with the flu the day before the meeting .
the current state of the space left much to be desired , but with some elbow grease and a few additions , we could make this work .
in addition to bombarding my brain with mindless television , i had been busy shoving down the memories of the other night that kept popping up , back down to the dark place i kept mark 's memories .
ky frequently contributed a drawing to the weekly mailing , in addition to demanding to talk to her at every opportunity .
so , in addition to her all-pro status of pushing people away , skylar excels at taking an eternity to make a decision , any decision .
in addition to losing the only person who 'd understood me , my father- stepfather-told me his true feelings ; he did n't accept me as a g*y man , never had , never would .
aunt carolyn babbled , `` i 've been putting off finishing this baby blanket for carter and macie 's newest addition .
in addition to keely 's cousins , chassie west glanzer and ramona west , the group included ginger paulson , a local attorney who was pals with libby and dr. joely monroe .
`` of course , i could n't tell them you 're the ultimate package because in addition to your stunning good looks and mouth-watering physique , you have a big cock . ''
and when you decide to jet off to romania to bring home your new additions , i will stay here and crack the whip on your four hooligans for as long as you need me to . ''
in addition to hannah , she employed a housekeeper , a groundskeeper , a personal trainer , a stylist , a publicist , a part-time chef , a financial planner , an agent ... and the list went on .
since chase had n't seen the newest addition to colby and channing 's family-hard to keep up with his prolific cousins ' offspring-he dutifully checked out the dark-haired , blue-eyed child .
it was a nice addition to the town , even when he questioned whether the citizens of sundance could support a second bank .
all the places agreed to allow promotional signage and flyers in their establishments , in addition to the entry boxes for the grand prize .
in the last year and a half i ... ah- '' he laughed self-consciously , `` -been flyin ' to vegas in addition to hitting all the big tournaments around here .
`` everything is finalized on the addition and we 'll start next week since we had a three-week hole in our schedule . ''
the master bath was fancier , boasting a steam shower in addition to the glass-walled shower , a double vanity and built-in cabinetry in every nook and cranny .
`` at the time dalton was confident with the addition of georgia and jessie into the mckay workforce all the brush could be cleared and improvements made within six months . ''
so in addition to bein ' a hypocrite , i 'm a controlling ass**le who does n't remember what it 's like to be young .
then after colby 's birth , in addition to taking care of a two-year-old and a baby , she tended their enormous garden , took on sewing projects for maxine , and with agnes 's encouragement , she 'd become involved with ladies circle at st. ignatius .
as long as we 're on that subject , i want the boys to start having household chores in addition to ranch chores . ''
she suspected carson had spent his time staring at the newest addition to their family with nothing less than awe .
in addition to running dewey 's delish dish , she was a cop 's wife , and dealt with cam 's lingering effects from his stint in the army and his career-and nearly life-ending injury .
in addition , it is in the manner of the spell that i could not say it alone and be able to return to my time without you . ''
that had been six months ago , and just four months before he 'd been forced to formally declare bankruptcy when the new addition did n't bring in as many new fans as he 'd planned .
despite the addition of a child to his household , and the eminent arrival of another one inside samantha 's womb , that dream seemed even farther away than it had before pavel and samantha had come to live with him .
in addition to the beautiful mints , mrs. cruze , crimson and scarlets mother , had also made vegetable quiche cups and a sparkling , pink punch .
in addition to that , the only genes that appear to have fully taken was the genes of the extinct galian beast creature .
in addition , most visitors preferred the beach on the other side of the island in cowlitz bay where the ferry docked .
they reminisced further about their times on the island and discovered that they liked to do many of the same things in addition to kayaking and biking .
his powerful style laced with animal grace had even caught the attention of non-skating fans and advertisers alike in addition to the legions of fans of the sport .
she was a natural and had won several world and national championships in addition to the silver medal from the last olympics and a bronze in turin .
marcus was able to set up a state of the art lab in a purpose built addition to the house , and fergus snuck his computers in there one day and never left .
anas euphoric state increased even further when she heard the sweet voice of the latest addition to the class saying , ladies , can you lend me a pen , please ?
she remembered perfectly the bath at his place ; it had been good , because , in addition of having her back rubbed , he had also given her a spectacular massage .
the bag of fresh okra in her refrigerator promised a delicious addition to her fried chicken tonight .
venturing out onto the open trail , he assessed delaneys cabin to be a one-room floor plan , perhaps with the addition of a loftcertainly no bigger than a two-car garage .
she didnt need the added stress of worrying about her daughter alone in the woods , in addition to everything else on her mind .
i feel for the populace of reh , a chieftain by the name of greenly , the newest addition to the national council , had stood in the latest council assembly to say , as reported to constance by commander alexander afterward .
she and staid spent the afternoon frolicking around with the children who heartily welcomed this addition of playmates into their group , albeit the newcomers were grownups , and important ones at that .
merritt clapped his hands together and raised his wine glass , `` to abigail , a beautiful new addition to our city . ''
in addition to all the trials and tribulations of a normal relationship , jessica also has to combat williams mother , who doesnt believe williams chosen is in it for anything other than the money .
in addition to the pedigree , she had also bought some doggie treats , and she started to open the package now to give some to baxter .
`` well , '' said jon bostoff after everyone had taken their seat , `` the reason i called this meeting today is to get better acquainted with the recent addition to our legal team . ''
jonathan remembered vividly the gradual transformations of his family 's house in brooklyn : the addition of extra bedrooms and bathrooms , the expansion of the kitchen , and then , one very exciting spring , the sight of sweaty men in work clothes digging up the ground in the backyard for the pool .
`` in addition to drafting contracts , i 've had the pleasure of helping some of the financial firms with their regulatory battles .
in addition to whatever properties the relic held , the skinners paint had added health and prosperity for the entire town .
the affair is our most formal event of the year , and in addition to raising a good chunk of money , it 's our chance to honor our biggest donors and supporters .
in addition to his inept coffee maker , the fresh croissants had not yet been delivered by that lazy devil , son of a whore , renaldo , and so he had to once again give the english stale ones .
either way , wanting to help or wanting to antagonize , jenn and scott were a great addition to the pack .
even with the addition of thigh-high stockings to cover my bare legs i felt exposed and , if i must admit , a tad sordid .
give me any two numbers and i can give you their value in addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division .
in addition to guard security and infinite systems , cypher systems had other holdings and was the parent company to a number of other businesses , but steven and i were the only two accountants in the security division .
in addition to carlos , there was only one other director in the office , director of human resources , and she didnt seem to have any staff other than her administrative assistant .
my head was starting to feel light , most likely from the addition of vodka to an empty stomach , but i attempted to push the sensation away and focus on our conversation .
but things are looking more promising for us this year with the addition of our very own six-foot , four-inch senior center , and of course , bryson .
we think you two would make a marvelous addition , adding capabilities impossible to duplicate without a far higher cost .
in addition to a hole in each earlobe , the piercing id gotten as a baby , id had five more earrings put into my left ear .
he had taken leave for a while to get some more timber to close in the underpinning of the house , which would only need a coat of paint in addition .
in addition to writing , she has a nursing career , and both she and her husband are volunteer firefighters in the town they reside in .
`` take whatever you want , but make sure you know how to use it , '' he instructed while strapping on his own guns and filling a second backpack in addition to the one he was already wearing .
but we dont understand why he says hes from toronto : in addition to a ridiculously precious name , austin possesses the most irritating deep-bush australian accent to ever rattle down the throat of a man .
in addition to the bearskin hat hair , the brown monstrosity of this overcoat that my mom insisted i wear does somewhat lessen my whole kick-a-pow impact but then there is absolutely nothing i could have done to avert that .
so youre telling me that in addition to the swiftness enjoyed by gabriel and i suspect all of you that you can change into animals ?
there was a large pool for guests who might not want to brave the cold atlantic waters , in addition to a decent size barn , with a few horses turned out in a paddock .
in addition to teris family , there were a few cousins , a few brannigans employees , and a few of franks co-workers .
in addition to chopping wood , jonathan was responsible for taking care of hot sauce , cleaning out his stall , making sure he had plenty of water and hay , and exercising him for two hours every day .
taking a moment to survey her new surroundings , she found it to be a room much like her fathers study , with the addition of an intricately carved four poster and a massive sea trunk .
he went to the cavern , heard our band , liked us , and thought we would be a great addition to his party night .
he felt certain his mothers rendition of the story , in addition to being sordid , was most likely the product of gossip , and he had to wonder what really happened .
send a dollar by return mail and you will get an eight thousand word booklet , postpaid , and in addition you will get a folder describing what is mineral , vegetable and animal life , and a drawing of a perpetual motion holder .
in addition to coffins and caskets popping out of the ground , many believed their water supply would be contaminated as a result of the yellow fever epidemic which killed thousands in the 1800s .
tell him that in addition to rent i will put them up in one of the best hotels on the ile saint-louis during the time that i use their boat , said bishop .
he accepted it with glee and showed it to the crowd then took a good look at it for himself ... and there it was already carved on the cup , the latest addition to the role of champions the macleod family name with honour restored , etched onto a trophy that was revered beyond all others in the sport .
in addition to his undeniable tennis skills , there was a manner about him that drew the eye to his side of the net : quiet nobility .
in addition to numerous cuts and a broken ankle , you had a lacerated spleen , a punctured lung , and a major concussion .
danica sighed and refrained from telling michelle how the green in the scarf made her eyes pop , or how the addition of the simple necklace made her ninja outfit suddenly appear feminine and unique .
the two room addition measuring twelve foot wide and sixteen foot long would contain a small kitchenette and something the main hall did n't have - windows to let in the breeze during the sweltering late summer heat .
two bucks , a doe and a coyote in addition to the smaller stuff ; all had their throats ripped out but not eaten in any way .
when the town car pulled up , also a new addition to the individual contracts , lo grabbed his satchel and tipped an imaginary hat to the driver .
things like her horrible first week where , in addition to getting lost constantly , she did most things wrong , and once actually walked in on a group of women gossiping about her .
take whatever you want , but make sure you know how to use it , he instructed while strapping on his own guns and filling a second backpack in addition to the one he was already wearing .
a new hair brush was a great addition as were a few chapter books to help keep up with her education .
past our new additions in the captains chairs , harrison , king and hendrix squeezed into the backseat and hendrix pulled me onto his lap .
the additions to our group made me nervous , but taking in millers broken , abused body , i knew we made the right decision to bring them .
in addition to increasing the amount of information that they put on the internet about the stranger both abi and pearl started contacting celebrities on twitter who boasted lots of followers .
a few guests turn , staring at us with their ostentatious masks , just to ignore us altogether , as if we are nothing , but a mere addition to the already dazzling room .
unable to get the statue out of her mind , kali accessed the computer and checked every reference number of the most recent additions .
in addition to her romance and womens fiction books , patricia is the author of the caught dead in wyoming mystery series , which adds a touch of humor and romance to figuring out whodunit .
he found himself impressed that in but a handful of days the troupe had made excellent additions to the scene .
as for you , my dear , she said drawing back and meeting shellys gaze , why do we not find things to make a house for your bee in addition to the bed ?
in addition , there had arisen an understanding among the party that he was courting her quite seriously even though his heart was in no manner centered upon her .
as fer the offer , ill not see it refused fer ill wager that it means a hefty addition to our purse and that must satisfy us all .
she ventured quickly upon the stage and joined him addressing the audience , you must forgive the latest addition to our troupe .
the tea tray was set upon a little table , and the mattress shifted with the addition of julias weight as she sat on the bed .
the latest little additions hed added to the classic plastic model really brought the monster to life .
holding his most recently stuffed addition on his lap , he continued stroking his calico cats thick fur as he waited for his toady to rant on .
in addition , i had written it down three other places in my boat , one place in my glove compartment , and , just to be sure , had also e-mailed it to myself .
in addition , the golf course is never crowded and the weather outside is however you want it to be .
when the music ended , the instructor demonstrated some new additions to the steps , making things a bit more complicated .
once again i realized she and i held a mutual attraction to the newest male addition to the department .
in addition to the lack of decoration , the walls changed from trendy browns and sages to pastel green .
in addition to his trendy , well-kept exterior , michael had the warmest , brightest , and most sincere smile , tatum had ever seen .
the reports from the week before were still waiting for her attention , in addition to the new reports for the outpatient from the day prior .
mary ellen turned her attention to her brother while her father was focused on the newest addition to the family .
in addition to her erratic emotions concerning her father , i saw that she felt guilt for her parents problems , which just got worse .
once in my room i played with the two additions to my small magazine , which could never compare to georges but was slowly getting there .
in addition to authors , many amateur and professional artists as well as musicians , playwrights , poets , dancers and vocalists also have occasional or repeated contact with members of the mwc , as do some naturalists , especially those who wander far from the beaten paths .
i couldnt be the chief communicator with any degree of success without studying with and observing lama sangyay , with all the respect and devotion my heart can generate , for over fourteen years up to now in this lifetime and countless lifetimes in addition to this one .
today , another sunny california day , when led asks me how i am doing , i feel cared about in addition to being evaluated .
in addition to the penalties exacted by the councils judgment , we also begin our own internal disciplinary procedures .
`` but i feel as if we spanners are all supposed to know how to use every new phone , every new home entertainment system component , every type of hardware and software for home and office use in addition to every other hand-held or personal computing device that is invented as soon as it is available .
in addition to having my son be one of one of the first and most responsive readers of this book , it is obvious that he is the best person to be my main consultant ( until i get to know espe better ) for making the mwc contacts public .
there are three houses in addition to mine nearby : one is my landowners , right behind mine ; one is set further back , between our land and the cemeterys ; the other is set further back , beyond my landowners , and belongs to the vineyard .
a brilliant mwc addition , to guarantee that there can not be mistakes claimed or hollywood make-up artists ' helping with hiding the color changes , the change in skin tone stays for ten years and is made apparent in every newborn for ten years ( through 1/1/24 ) .
in 2013 , many science fiction and fantasy writers , in addition to those ive already mentioned , go public as having been contacted by mwc members before 2012 to help earthers adjust to all of these changes .
in addition to my willingness and ability to have more than one child in our family , which fundamentally changes zefs life and personality , our relationship is very different .
i continue to accidentally timult many things , including our life together : i see appearances and additions to my increasing library of future snapshots that i call previews whenever i meditate and swim , am half asleep or have a high fever .
in addition , they cited the inclusion of students as young as 9 and as old as 95 in the esp ( excellent skills program ) trainings provided by the mwc delegates and herself as the singlemost inclusive educational endeavor ever attempted .
next , clara branon asks alicia elsbeth russell , meryl and pekka aalto : speak , please , in whichever languages you choose in addition to english , to explain some of the ways learning off-earth or other-species ' languages changes your perspectives , knowledge , emotions , and lives .
in addition to science fiction , he really liked shows about familiesthose with a father , a mother , and kids ( especially the ones where there were siblings ) .
she saw there were two blanco county sheriff cars , in addition to the two city of zorro police cruisers , an ambulance , and several pickup trucks .
she had alex to think about , and taking care of him was a full-time jobin addition to her medical career .
in addition , other garments filled the bag and i blushed as i realized they were the equivalent of underwear .
he only took on one play each season , in addition to his artistic director duties , and he 'd latched on to crystal dreams because of the controversy surrounding the play .
in addition to her harlequin special editions , mira , and red dress ink books , mindy has written six traditional fantasy novels for roc ( including the award-winning , best-selling the glasswrights apprentice ) , short stories , and nonfiction essays .
i follow her up the winding staircase with intricately carved cherry oak banisters , a recent addition to their two-story sprawling ranch home .
with his nose to the cotton tree shroud , the inquisitive feline circled the new addition to the sun porch , decided it wasnt worth losing any sleep over , and padded off to the living room , no doubt to curl up in front of the fireplace for another nap .
i leaned away from him , trying to see what i had and what id need to make a potion capable of working on a werewolf who was suffering from wolfs bane poisoning in addition to his other maladies .
the items all brought her closer to connor and she especially liked the newest addition to her collection- the addendum connor had sent out of his office .
the center of the house had the original two stories , but the roof now slanted downward to a one story addition on the south side onlythe expansion of the kitchen and dining area , uncle roy had said .
somewhere within the woman before her lurked her little sister , the innocent blonde with pigtails , the one she had taught addition to , the one she had curled up with at night .
*** two weeks after the photo shoot , i got paid for it , in addition to my normal salary as a sales associate .
but , when no one was looking , we packed guns and plenty of ammunition in addition to all the camping gear we 'd be able to backpack through a long cave .
busty , the brunette , perched herself on top of the desk in front of me to strike up a conversation with our new addition .
the third addition to this group was unfamiliar , with a mild case of the handsome disease and the same overbearing , yet mouth-watering body .
said the third addition , speaking in a harmonious , mid-range voice that probably lent extremely well to singing .
in addition to the tattoos on his arms , ancient runes cut down the side of his stomach , scrolling curled over his shoulder like smoke , or draped across a pec like a muscle accessory .
in addition to mikes questions and accusations , kelly had learned something else that broke her heart .
in addition , even though she knew that suicide would hurt everyone around her except maybe andrew she resented the fact that her plan had spilled out .
in addition to the great room , the main floor has a bedroom/study , a full bathroom , and a laundry room .
a computer , a recent addition that was having a positive impact on his productivity , occupied the table in front of the window , and a side wall was lined with bookcases .
he and marie are partners in the family clinic and improved the practice by adding a built in day care facility when their newest addition arrived .
we discovered that in addition to my being able to see things from the past and discern things in my dreams that my connection to our children allows me to sense when they are in danger or need me even without the use of the protectionist spell .
as john wished and you agreed , torie , the formal ownership of your property will be that of the society with no reference to mr. cameron or yourself , however , it will be understood that the planned renovation , trade , and farming sciences addition expected within five years will be known as the david samuel cameron learning center .
in addition to that , the lumire corporation will also be financing the building of a new task force that will be designed to respond to high risk situations that other officers may not be trained to handle .
in addition to chasing urban legends , we also touched on scandal both inside and outside of the city limits .
in addition to that , no photos of him had ever been released , and to my knowledge hed never appeared on either television or radio .
that was why , in addition to the cells themselves , the entire floor was equipped with a little device that the huntsmen had been developing for when theyd wanted to keep their captives alive .
in addition to everything else we had to worry about , i was starting to develop an anxiety disorder waiting for the sidhe to make their move .
in lexannas case , her long flowing mane of hair was the final addition of elegance to a natural intoxicating beauty .
as he had guided a knife with one hand , lifting and dropping it , moving it in a faster and faster sequence , repeating the same incremental addition first , and then making the second dual incremental subtractionall in a confluent staccato and yet fluid motionall to avoid cutting the flesh while proceeding with the game , i had watched with delight at the activity .
in addition , the hollow twenty-six ruled over all physical world principles , in that they were pronounced the twenty-six sovereign authorities to govern all perpetual activity in the form of thinking , behaving , action or reaction .
we were told that there werent many changes to the interior besides touch-ups , repairs , and a few modern additions .
in addition , many filmmakers considered themselves artists and could not be approached with such a project .
she soon learned that a bar in rome is a really a kind of fast food stand with sandwiches , pastries , and coffee in addition to wine and liqueurs .
in addition , there was ottavio , a perpetually out of work lawyer whose brilliance made it hard for him to deal with the petty needs of everyday business , and who , as a result , was living home again with his mother and younger brothers .
besides , tonino , in addition to being sad and hostile , was clearly losing what little energy he had .
in addition , the very thing that once charmed her , that italians live in their history , began to grate .
i know its not easy with emma and charlie in addition to yours , but i was hoping you could help me find someone to watch them for a few hours a day .
in addition , as much as she tried to deny it , she knew there was one guy in particular she missed even more .
as founder and leader of the soldiers of the divine trinity congregation , in addition to having divine influence , howard was the heir to a kind of sight only a select few in his family had possessed ; sight that the naked eye was incapable of perceiving .
the ships , once the pride of their various regions , floated desolate and dead , nothing more than additions to a cryptic collection .
in addition to the musicians , a few families enjoyed early picnic dinners while several children played on the small playground at the far corner of the common .
in addition to the changes in her appearance , the changes she felt on the inside pleased her as well .
but they were both painfully aware of maggies presence downstairs , on the straw mattress in the alcove by the fireplace that she had made private through the addition of some drapes fashioned from one of samuels ruined shirts .
she realized through positive vibes that duncan had become fascinated with her ability to quickly comprehend the lessons in addition to her mesmerizing appearance .
the next day after finding a substitute wet nurse , miriam took the baby from sarah as she was hauled off to jail and charged with murder and theft in addition to witchcraft .
in addition , there had been several new cases of the fever resurfacing which put everyone on edge again .
the captain examined the debris identifying it as his boat , mourning the loss of the six crew aboard in addition to john .
yet , he had his own first mate as a witness , in addition to sarahs own account as to what happened .
in addition , she managed to grow some feverfew for pain , mullein for infection and st. johns wort for mood in a small herb garden .
in addition , peter and grace were demanding , being at the stage where they were into everything much to the distress of cecily who insisted everything to be just perfect for unexpected company .
the magistrate who was visiting , indicated she was sentenced to be hung for murder and thievery , in addition to being a witch .
no , mum , the magistrate who sentenced me to death before i escaped in salem is responsible for this , in addition to alice who wishes me out of the picture for her own sake , sarah comforted her .
though , it was my intention that it could be used to obtain your herbs and medicines to make your healing teas and potions in addition to other necessities .
to the left and to the right , the manors hard lines were softened by two hexagonal additions , each two stories high and adorned with a roof-top terrace with an intricately designed balustrade .
she had been busily playing hostess in addition to being an unexpected featured performer so i wondered if she would be pretty tired by now .
in addition to jillians parents , martin and annette , there were two other couples whom i did not recognize .
it then began issuing a series of electronic buzzes in addition to the chaotic cacophony that sounded , a clear indication he was being summoned to the side of the road .
now , i must emphasize that in addition to this being a top-secret mission , it is also very dangerous .
jenny was shouting it and her tears was flowing i need you for the beauty contest , i cant go there if my best friend hates me , because of this trifle as an addition , and without that good friend and good hairdresser too like you , you dont need any good hairdresser to reach a good position on the content , but i can prove only with it indeed !
- i thought if i will be with the only man on the world who is , as an addition , a world-famous actor - youre just like my older sister !
theyre maybe going to meet sometimes because of that much time what theyve been friends but the daughter of the worlds most famous man , who is a national beauty queen as an addition , a lot trendier than a nice and talented hairdresser girl .
but if she will can be delilahs enough good friend , theyre going to meet sometimes the three of them , so jenny is going to be still her friend , as an addition , she is going to be a friend of one of the worlds trendiest girls !
i mean , jenny is very trendy and pretty too , but the other one won a national beauty contest and her father is a movie star , who , as an addition , is the only man on the world !
the grief tormented her through many years because of he died with the other men and boys , she got to know that there is even more bigger grief than she used to feel before , because she experienced it , as an addition , also regard to laurence .
as an addition , she hasnt talk to anybody fro twenty years , without that telephone conversation the other day .
i think you also would like to be his girlfriend but i think you also have seen in our show that it isnt that easy , as an addition , he still mourn his wifes death , and she is the only woman who he could feel drawn to , till he is going to experience love , even if only by one member of the couple , to feel that somebody loves him .
- im staying she can get know in that way that what to do to laurence believe her , she wouldnt see it on tv because she couldnt arrive back in the hotel in that moment because it was a live broadcast , and even if they will repeat on tv what the girl said , it wasnt sure that dina will watch tv exactly than too , as an addition , exactly this channel .
- i saw today in live broadcast that they found a forty-one years old woman who exactly loves her daddy , as an addition , for more than twenty years !
they was laughing at how dina liked fish , in that more meaning because it was the mans nickname too and at laurence still liked females , but to eat them , as an addition , this body part of them .
as an addition , he could be her father too because the only reason of he hasnt get older since he was middle-aged , is that he was frosted !
- some girls , as an addition , such a many of them was demonstrating in front of the research institute because they think researchers lied when they said my manly personality and attraction towards womankind are going to become , only if ill be a relationship with someone who loves me .
as an addition , that puts the lid on it exactly now when i havent any idea what delilah wants , does she want to meet me at all .
maybe a tv channel paid for the researchers to that girls who long for romantic nature watch or hear about how a real love is created in the reality , in the present because they only can see things like this always i n movies , as an addition , in twenty-year-old or even more old movies and read about this .
as an addition i used to dare only say hello and answer everybody with the exception of my family , my best friend and some relatives , and this still continues , just now , when anybody doesnt live of my family , relatives and friends with the exception of you who i meet with , im shy with everybody with the exception of you .
i also regulate that in punctually what minute and hour do things in my life , and so long rule-system developed to my study at home after arriving in home aster school that when i used to write it into my diaries , it used to take a whole page seat , as an addition that way that i used to write with as small characters as i could to theres enough room .
as an addition , ive read how intelligent you are , and i cant doubt this and your persistence also because ive read you also have a degree , and for example i hardly could finish training trade school and grammar school while i used to study eight and half hours every day after school so sometimes instead of school , on average , when i was in the twelfth class when i was a grammar school student , and seven hours when i used to go to the eleventh class .
i also forgot to tell you that my memory is so terrible like this , as an addition , ive fight very hard at every field of my life , but the results are almost opposite .
this was the first time in her life when she didnt looking forward to a kissings end , as an addition , she was wishing it never come to an end .
in addition to having the same hair , she also had the almost translucent light blue eyes that her son did .
in addition to daves lawyering skills , ric had also offered eldcs top accountant to look after the restaurant books .
the addition , he told himself , of a deep crease in his forehead brought on by incipient sunstroke would probably help .
the combination of dark chestnut curls , huge dark eyes and a greek god physique was extraordinary , and the addition of strong cheekbones , broad shoulders and considerable height certainly did nothing to detract from his beauty , but despite the cheap glasses , it was the way he looked at her that made her heart race .
in addition to the broken leg i 'd gotten playing , i tore my acl doing something stupid a few weeks after that championship game and pretty much wrecked my chances of ever getting to play football again .
stella returned to her castle and got absorbed in repairs to the tower , then the new additions to the structure .
in addition to the union executive who she knew from the wives meeting there was the young lad buster , whod got his leg trapped in the runaway cage , and his best mate leonard .
in addition , laurence undertook a third child when he was fourty-five years old however , the first children were from his previous wife - , that means that children were also important to him , not only the stardom .
in addition , she ran an own profile on a partner-searcher on the internet , maybe she will find a boy who she would like , to get some experiences and confidence in herself in the course of the relationship , how she has done it with two boys till now .
in addition , she also would be more happy if she found on the chat a third boy who she would like , to be with him , but most of them are primitive and light-minded how heni pened it .
- yes , in any case the girl hardly could pay attention to putting up make up , while sh was talking to the man she loved , as an addition , in english .
- mom , youve been to germany too , buy the way , and , as an addition , you was a little child then and you were with strangers heni said .
this was like a dream to the girl , that she came to that beautiful place like this , as an addition , with her love .
- i do but it was still boring that i was sitting on the plane through hours , as an addition , no t with you .
they were delicate and heavy but she knew the addition of them on any kind of table would enhance the class factor .
learn how to make a fun fall melt and pour soap recipe starring pure maple syrupa healthy addition .
yet interestingly enough , in addition to the friendly letters you receive from the handsome classmate you already know , you are also receiving different letters , love notes in your locker that are mysteriously signed love , your secret admirer .
health issues : in addition to this guy giving you one or more s.t.i.s he can get you pregnant and abandon you afterwards .
in addition to this guy giving you one or more lifelong s.t.i.s he can get you pregnant and abandon you afterwards .
i 'm going to help my wife with dishes and laundry and cooking in addition to male stuff like yard work and whatever i do as a career so that were a team raising our kids together .
being aloof and overweight in addition to having poor hygiene made him something of an outsider , even from within the group .
in addition to being violent , jake could be anything from a drunken dissipate or a dangerous villain .
in addition to the typical stuff any room is supposed to contain a bed , a chair , a table with a pc on it ( sided with an oblong football ) , slightly aside stood a refrigerator which , in joshua case , was more of an attribute to certain independence than a device serving to preserve foods freshness .
the ranch house was one of the larger ones in the area because of several additions that had been made over the years .
for example , in addition to the things you already saw , things that elios probably should have kept secret , we can heal our bodies , we can prevent major illnesses , and we age gracefully .
before my eyes , there was the little waterfall i had immortalized , framed by the green of the foliage and the white of the mist , with the pleasant addition of the sound of crashing pebbles and birds singing in a tree .
she needed things like a toothbrush and other toiletries , in addition to something to sleep in and an outfit for tomorrow .
keely was not certain whether her father had ever exchanged more than a casual greeting and a compliment that she looked very nice that day with her cousin in addition to the obligatory thank yous and you are welcomes that came with present exchanges .
the two of them looked around ( without seeming to really register the presence of keely and ian ) when it appeared to occur to them just how loud they had gotten before they went back to whispering with the addition of some giggles on abbys part and an ever increasing smile on rustys face .
they could agree to produce the musical as is with keely retaining the right for a final veto on any changes/additions/deletions that they felt they needed to make in preparing the show for the stage , or they could not produce the musical at all .
it was for children who wanted to help clean up in the kitchen and ended up requiring the floor to be mopped in addition .
this whole letter probably seems like an exercise in rambling on my part in addition to being awfully rude .
in typical dream murkiness , the details were already fading , but , lying back , i contemplated the latest addition from last night the woman had spoken to me .
and in addition a sultry jarusian leant over the bar at stephen , her outfit leaving very little to the imagination .
in addition , there was an unexpected bonus when containers of oil exploded , setting fire to a number of tents .
for established fans of the sunset vampire series , it would be natural to wonder , given these rewrites , additions , and deletion , if any established canon has changed with this second edition .
* * * it was a beautiful mid-november evening at the exclusive pine valley addition where katrinas estate home was located .
manicured trees and shrubbery completed the scenic oasis , all for the pleasure of pine valley addition residents .
in addition , she felt a degree of guilt over his reaction ; surely , it had something to do with his memory block , or some failing of it .
the shadows at sunset quickly turned to darkness by the time he arrived at the pine valley addition , giving the area an ominous aura .
in addition to weddings , youre also an expert on rain barrels , the lieutenant commented , not bothering to hide her disbelief .
in addition , mr. cooper has agreed to donate five percent of the profit from cooper chemicals for the development of kingston and the surrounding area .
mr. slaytons addition states he looked down to read the clause , .upon my death , all three farms which made up the original slayton estate will be deeded as one property .
his band consisted of him and a few friends from college , two other yalies and a kid from columbia , who was a more recent addition .
well , i began , in addition to my colleagues from work and some industry professionals , theres one person on the guest list you should be aware of .
a summer of good weather and rain , in addition to the money he was sending for improvements , and the land would be as productive as any in the glamorgan .
he noticed that the invitation cards were already made out with date and time , awaiting only the addition of the guests names .
he told me that a hospital administrator contacted him and said that she was at the exhibit and saw the lovely animal print that would be a perfect addition to the hospitals pediatric waiting room , but that because of hospital budget cuts , they couldnt afford to purchase it , but wondered if they could work out some sort of donation or trade .
i also have the names of five artists to contact for the auction in addition to an address for the artist i most want and jonathan has secured some of the getaways and dinners .
mia , i enjoy your company and am hoping that in addition to working on this project together , maybe we could spend more time getting to know each other .
i myself will also pledge time , in addition to what i undertake at our hospital , at one of the free clinics in our area , if you would consider my request .
`` well , i thought if young jason were to visit in the evenings lights would be a nice addition . ''
the escape tunnel , like the one in the georgia mansion , was jason 's idea and benjaim agreed it was a desirable addition .
`` nonsense , in addition to his effort with the reconstruction , their is his brilliant plan that destroyed the biker gang , and unfortunately , his jeep . ''
the mayor stood in the centre of the gleaming citizens hall - the newest addition to the thriving village - on this particularly bustling night , standing at his small podium , a hammer in his hand , beating it down for order .
in addition to the day planner , address book , and notepad she had expected , there was also an account ledger , a checkbook , and two wallets .
natalie looked up from her plate at the new addition to the room and almost knocked over her chair as she stood .
one consolation was that she still greatly enjoyed her work in the haberdashery and she knew that in petronellas eyes she was a godsend as in addition to working hard in the shop meg also gave of her best to old mrs martin .
as yet there were still no signs of any addition to their family except for a very bad- tempered canary rejoicing in the name pretty boy .
but ewan had been happily employed in the restaurant for over five years and although the pay wasnt tremendous he had a steady pay-packet and in addition he brought home generous helpings of stale pies and odds and ends of food left over at the end of the day which would not keep for the next .
in addition to his private jet , which he kept at the local airport , he also owned a sleek white helicopter with room for six passengers .
in addition to the cameras , and additional exterior lighting , he could remotely lock and unlock doors , turn on or off interior and exterior lights , as well as his television , if need be , all with the ease of his cell phone .
this rig has a terrain avoidance system in addition to the collision avoidance system , so we should be okay .
in addition to the collar , they originally attempted to use , they had a tracking chip implanted in him as well .
# # # editor margaret snider special thanks to travis herndon , program manager and technical consultant cessna aircraft company rosa mendez and perla lopez spanish language consultants peggy lea baker - to find out more about the author , please visit plbaker.wordpress.com for her biography and updates on current writing projects , future publications at www.smashwords.com , in addition to occasional blogs on a variety of topics .
you discover a lot of potentially disturbing things in addition to all of the wonderful to hear ones when you are an unobtrusive good listener .
that did not stop a few business expansions and even the addition of the office of a wedding planner to the town , but it was good that people were being practical about the probable temporariness of the upswing .
everything from chessie complaining at her bridge club about claires demanding personality and boorish husband to be being expanded upon to the fact that both of the twins ( not just casey ) mentioned at the beauty parlor that claire was turning into a monster and someone should stop her to the planners threats after being fired to dereks cell phone obsession to a detailed listing of barts theatrics to ashleys nerve wracked state to claires never successful attempts at getting dereks attention were elaborated upon , discussed , argued over , and further detailed by many eagerly helpful additions offered by the twins ( who had difficulty letting any point get brought up without wanting to offer their own insights and a list of what they had heard on the subject that might or might not be relevant ) .
it was served in the usual highball glass , but in addition to ice , slices of lime and mint , there were a few thin leaves in it that she couldnt identify .
first , he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air , where it went on turning and twirling , and in addition flashing and glistening .
diego , golden-skinned like his sister , with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyesas well as being aged twentyscaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse , lifting a hurling blade ( whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in , so that , once flung , it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to , and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose ) .
the ranch house was one of the larger ones in the area because of several additions that had been made over the years .
in addition to being violent , jake could be anything from a drunken dissipate or a dangerous villain .
i was surprised no one stared at me as my body rejoiced the addition of something not full of sugar .
the scientist wanted damages in addition to his remaining two years salary , while ledlon technologies claimed the employee revealed trade secrets , thus violating the contract .
whats more , they found some empty toluene containers around the cluster of trees making him think that , in addition to dumping the fuel , somebody had carried a flammable chemical to the area where the man was found .
in addition to the evidence from the hotel room , trent told me , investigators also found a concrete block with droplets of jerry stillwells blood on it , along with just a smidgen of someone elses .
i was never in a situation before like this that im with a girl who is so much younger than me , as an addition , she married me , and , at the first occasion , i began doubt she still wants me .
- not too long time ago the man didnt want to reveal too much to this stranger about his personal life , as an addition , he felt no desire to meet her we moved here because it is nearer to the filming studios and to the events in hollywood where i go but i still maintain that house where we lived in new york .
as an addition , what she read then , when she was a teenager , was addressed exactly to them , who dont now hot to come out of this love .
beside it , this book cant reach everybody , as an addition , it didnt help her personally anything .
my guy is a criminal who , as an addition , kidnaps and hurts the family of his girlfriends father !
you were who took measures he not to quip me because of this , as an addition , you wanted it so much that you were quite capable for kidnapping his child and shooting him !
as an addition , they also wrote that she was fed up with her middle-aged husband because she had to live as his wife for the luxurys and fames sake , that she celebrated that they shot him .
she has never been in a situation like this that they were going to make an interview with her , as an addition , about a so humiliate thing like this .
although this took some days to him to decide about her fate , in the end he decided to give her one more chance and didnt dismiss her , for henis sake , in order to stay be her this one friend at least who she got not long ago but she was a very good friend , and because this was her only blunder , as an addition she did it because she wanted to help heni .
but she was very disappointed int that girl who she used to pity so much and who she used to want to help her till then in the same time when she was also disappiointed in her husband , as an addition , they were who almost became a couple !
i was just disappointed in lucy and you at the same time , as an addition - the man kissed her what interrupted her in speaking .
i pushed to him , i , a girl , who is thirty-five years younger than him , as an addition , that time when he hardly had time for his wife too so he could be totally sharp-set , but in spite of these , he hardly moved in on me !
- the essence was that i succeeded to meet a world-famous move star , who , as an addition , looks pretty good !
as an addition , they were constantly taking photos of laurence and she also got into some pictures and she became even more nervous because of this .
as an addition , they could notice this already there and they may take some photos of her , specially , by herself , to guffaw at her and put it to the net .
heni only has put a text to the net about the foundation till then but after she appeared on the oscars with her famous husband , who won an award as the best male co-star as an addition , they began to pay attention to her .
they wrote things like the middle-aged movie-stars wife was looking next to him like a teen girl , in that little-girlish dress , as an addition ; she was looking even more little than she was , so the height difference was seeming to be even striker between them than it was .
as an addition , the man had to continue it it fascinated people that how much soon you regained your shape after childbirth and people praise your beauty too .
- the hearing is going to be soon , as an addition , im expecting a baby wont have father practically his wife began to speak .
as an addition , when she still used to live with us , she was many times really big discussions between us but i realzed she became a bit more amicable till then .
- as an addition , the plaintiff recovered from his injuries but he caused a serious mental injury to my wife and the attack was self-defence because if she didnt do it , even more trouble happened to heni .
as an addition , didnt happen anything and my daughter was defending my wife with this laurence said .
but the photos are tasteful and comparatively restrained , as an addition , heni acccepted it for a good cause , to help other people laurence guarded her .
the sad truth is that in addition to kindness , devotion , and all those various inner qualities , a woman really does choose her husband based on the tiny important physical traits that she admires or despises .
i only tolerated his company because he had a soft spot for me , giving me an endless slew of gifts , free drinks , and a job at the bar , in addition to side work cleaning his apartment .
i couldnt picture up myself held captive and a slave at the same time in the hands of a nasty fiend and in addition to that suffering and groaning and writhing and weeping out like the world was coming to an end on my part , excruciatingly and viciously .
we are starved and hungry and we will not rest until our tongues thrash on his blood and our lips gnaw into his flesh and avariciously chop it up and our throats have in addition to that gulped it down .
in addition to louises decorations , i noticed a blow-up santas workshop with elves , a wheelbarrow full of wrapped boxes , shrubs netted in lights , and a nylon santa attached to a rope ladder hanging from one roof .
in addition to two blades , the knife contained a variety of tools keith could use fishing and around his house , including various screwdrivers , a bottle opener , a tool for scaling fish , a hook disgorger , and even a nail file and metal saw .
not making the extra effort to teach is exactly what nina wouldve donein addition to wearing something guaranteed to attract as much male attention as possible .
in addition , all authors love hearing from their readers , so please feel free to drop me a note through my website .
darcy started towards the outer door intending to open it ... they had been keeping the bottom half of the door locked to prevent napoleon from getting lost before he imprinted the cottage as his home but she froze , as in addition to rosie and connors childish voices , she could hear another deeper masculine voice .
gabriel and his architect had , after much discussion , agreed that a lift was essential for their clientele , and they would not be compromising the architectural integrity of the original building with the addition .
as she walked along she sighed happily , thinking , this whole project was already something of a dream-come-true , but the addition of a walled garden just put the icing and several candles on the cake as far as she was concerned .
a peek from the doorway into a tiny lean-to addition at the back that was the toilet and next to it a basic bathroom of sorts left darcy unimpressed within the existing sanitation facilities .
work was still going on inside and the bathroom addition wasnt quite out of the groundworks phase but the little cottage looked almost serene in the midst of all the activity as if it knew this bustle was all for its benefit .
the front doorway of the cottage would look much nicer , she thought , with the addition of some plants and one of these to either side of the door would make the little place look more lived-in and charmingly countrified rather than the slightly dishevelled appearance that it currently exhibited .
well no , not those exact words , but shed certainly intimated as much with her youll be a delightful addition to the family speech .
once again , everyone in the group shuffled chairs and tables to make a seat-sized space for the new addition .
they even got most of the locals believing the development will be an endearing addition to the park and artistically in keeping with the natural surroundings !
the room was bigger than the one wed visited with miranda in , but with the addition of three large men , it felt just as small .
i really think we should all sit down and discuss any future additions to our army , so the pros and cons are bright to light before decisions are made .
in addition , we have excellent taste in music , movies and sports , can build you an ark if needed and have the prettiest blue eyes you have ever seen .
in addition , tyler 's story seemed to tally : the wound on his eye was still fresh , and the anger and venom that showed in his face when he talked of kidd was real .
in addition , the coastline all the way around the island was very rugged , made up mainly of cliffs or ragged rocks which would rip the hull out of any ship that got too close .
in addition he funded several external projects that also showed potential , and he kept a very keen eye on their failures ... and successes .
in addition for this experiment he had also secretly placed several members of his scientific team in noaa : one was aboard stormchaser 2 , and another aboard stormchaser 3 .
in addition , a lot of men who had been on emergency standby for the past few days , or had been working overtime trying to keep the public safe during the high winds they had experienced from the edge of hurricane josephine , had now all taken some time off .
what he found led us to new bedford , massachusetts , and the newest addition to our family , elan , i said , holding my hand out to him .
doa chona was n't too happy about this new addition to their worship , but when wayne took them to lunch after church was over , she started warming up to him .
in addition , he had purchased a couple of buckets , plastic mugs , some basic utensils , bed sheets and a sleeping bag .
he was in a small hospital room , right back where hed started , with the addition of a needle in his arm , tubes snaking out from under the sheet , a wire running from his chest to a humming machine monitoring his heartbeat , straps around his chest and wrists and ankles , and echo guarding him .
was your ex-boyfriend right about you having a cauldron in the basement back in montana or is this soulless you a newer addition ?
well since they got an extension to the shop , they rarely use it , preferring to use the addition in the front for offloading from the delivery vans .
the new addition to our dwelling is merely pretending to be asleep , brynna said , her mind is wide awake , as are her ears ; she has listened to this whole conversation .
its not like we can put a bet on it , and i can give you money , because my female mind does not understand the intricacies of addition and subtraction , so i am not allowed to have my own money .
and i must admit that , in addition to his almost ridiculous degree of sleek masculine beauty , oliver was quite the charmer as well ; a full fifteen minutes after watching him disappear into his office , i still felt the heat of his stare , the feel of his full , warm lips on my hands , the lingering effect of his citrus-tinged scent i still heard that smooth , deep voice echoing in my ear , singing my praises endlessly as he flattered and fawned over me .
i had an amazing new job and more income and benefits than id ever dreamed of having ; in addition , a rather handsomeand very singleyoung clerk had just been hired in trishas office .
im still not used to reconciling my human half with the robotic additions gifted to me by the healing hands department of the restoration project .
i can hear pride in her voice , and i know that she will be a lot like jenica , who is proud of her bionic additions .
sir , we have two new additions here whod like to be added to our team , dax says , only to be shushed .
if jenica and the others report to me that you are a good addition to the team , i see no reason not to allow it .
if anything , he says , his fingers gripping mine tightly , the additions to your body give you character .
the skin around where the cap has been bolted to his head is red and enflamed as if the addition was recently added .
most of them have an original addition or two that they received when they signed up for the healing hands initiative .
she hates her bionic additions and fears the day when the bionics will be rounded up and well , at this point , we have no way of knowing what the government will do .
in addition to the seelie and unseelie court members the council also has four human members each representing the four world tribes .
in addition i needed an alter that would be in the center of our circle to lay the sacrificial flesh and blood .
in addition to their physical attributes and their ghosting abilities they also had extra similarities to other races .
there 's a reason why i called , in addition to the fact that i miss you so much i need to hear your voice .
in addition , she still paid off the hefty student loans not covered by her scholarship and a credit card shed used for the wedding .
they had mere minutes together in the bathroom because nates parents and sister also stayed in the tiny apartment , and understandably occupying much of nicoles attention with their excitement at the new addition to their family .
one wields the knife kate used earlier in addition to his club while the other circles around , behind asher .
as founder and leader of the soldiers of the divine trinity congregation , in addition to having divine influence , howard was the heir to a kind of sight only a select few in his family had possessed ; sight that the naked eye was incapable of perceiving .
it then began issuing a series of electronic buzzes in addition to the chaotic cacophony that sounded , a clear indication he was being summoned to the side of the road .
in addition to having written five full-length contemporary romance novels and one regency romance , she works as an editor .
the splash of color was a new addition , a move of passive rebellion against her controlling mother .
it would be only the first of many chal enges until he established his dominance through physical prowess in addition to a lycan 's instinctive need to fol ow a leader .
in addition to the electronic equipment , which took priority , they set up rows of bunk beds that drew groans from the lycans , because they were identical to the ones they 'd been provided while indentured to adrian .
in addition to his duties as leader of the sentinels , he owned mitchel aeronautics , effectively giving him two ful -time endeavors to manage .
in addition to the details i 'd taken in at the bar - your paranoia has finally paid off , grandma - i noticed that his eyes were slightly red at the edges , likely the result of happy larry 's cheap whiskey and refusal to adhere to state indoor smoking laws .
in addition to adrian 's comments about nikki attacking him , he made a reference to phineas that concerns me .
in addition to the hardware store , there were a couple fast-food establishments , one chain grocery store , and a couple mom-and-pop shops .
not to mention that in addition to all of their differences , he had another female out there who had some cosmic destiny to be his .
because of lachlain , she could now determine that she enjoyed - in addition to getting gifts from vending machines and popping bubble wrap - showers big enough for two , stripping to his riveted gaze , drinking straight from the tap , and night-blooming flowers .
we 're not talking algebra here-right now we 're doing single-digit addition , like three plus two .
you used to do that a lot , you know ... '' in addition to wallowing in a bottomless pit of concern , sarah 's mother could also play to perfection the part of a guilt-ridden parent .
throughout october they went on half a dozen dates , in addition to the times he saw her after school .
i 'd become a professional voyeur : in addition to peering through their windows , i had been bringing binoculars with me for months .
in addition to her boudoir , she had a lovely salon that housed her piano where she occasionally entertained small groups of friends-visiting artists and theatre types mostly .
so in addition to being a vicious , murdering bastard , hauer was also a pervert , a child molester .
the only building was made of corrugated metal , rounded at the top like a quonset hut , with a wooden addition , housing the office , added to one side .
if the addition had ever seen a coat of paint , the evidence of it had long since been blasted off by the wind-driven sand .
in addition , jeff might blurt out questions about cole 's dead son that would be terribly painful for him .
gareth reached into his waistband , took out the bag of gold , in addition to the bag of gold he had given the dead man , and banged them both down on her small wooden table .
it felt good to have a substantial weapon at his waist - in addition , of course , to his sling , which he still carried .
still , that book too had its little nuggets , such as the information that the word 'bomb ' was common in the eighteenth century , and what they meant by that : in addition to merely meaning 'an explosive device ' , it referred also to a wrapped and tarred parcel of shrapnel shot from a cannon ( though we must be careful not to use the word 'shrapnel ' , as it 's derived from lt henry shrapnel of the royal artillery , who took the original 'bomb ' concept and developed the 'shrapnel shell ' , a debris-filled bomb filled also with gunpowder and designed to explode in mid-air after being fired from a cannon .
hegbert , in addition to his belief that fornicators were destined to clean the urinals in hell , also believed that communism was `` a sickness that doomed mankind to heathenhood . ''
in addition to the transcripts from my high school and other personal information , they required five essays of the usual type .
in addition , i had to finish my application for unc , which i 'd sort of been putting off because of all the rehearsals .
in addition to the event 's raising money from ticket sales , it 'll get people talking and that will generate additional donations and bring in people who want to help . ''
given the estate 's large size and the volume of the crowd , they decided that one band was n't enough , so in addition to the traditional orchestra , they had an african ensemble , a bluegrass band and a group of singers from the westminster abbey boys ' choir , who wandered the grounds serenading guests as they mingled on the lawns and nibbled delicacies at their tables .
in addition to the money i owe you , i realized we had n't discussed your work schedule beyond this weekend , and i would like to have you come in a few hours each day if you 're interested .
we used her whenever we were in close proximity , but now that she 's moved here and is living here with steele , we 've taken her on as our doctor in addition to the patients she sees in the private sector . ''
she not only carried food and cleaning supplies , but rented dvds , sold yarn and other craft supplies , in addition to a smattering of just about everything else .
the labor and delivery had gone smoothly and mother and father were delighted with their latest addition .
it was hard to find opportunities to exercise , and this seemed a good solution , in addition to giving her extra time with her father .
in addition to the paraphernalia taped to her walls , she has a dozen china teacups filled with plastic glitter rings , and silver rings with amber stones , and glass rings with pressed flowers .
his place is much larger than ours , with a private bath , a sitting room , and a full-size ( though tiny by american standards ) kitchen in addition to a separate bedroom .
in addition to the friendship thing , i 've had increasingly distressing thoughts about my dress binder .
it 's written in his usual black marker but with one addition-a crayon rubbing of my name , imprinted from the sidewalk corners on dolores street .
considering he was breed , in addition to being armed to his fangs with firearms and combat gear , rattling someone like him was no small thing .
the three most recent additions to the order 's ranks -- kade , brock , and chase -- were dressed in basic black patrol gear , from their lug-soled docs and dark denim , to their black shirts , leather jackets , and arsenal of semiautomatics and blades that rode at their hips .
she was the woman who 'd done most of the tattoos on alvin 's arms , in addition to most of the piercings in alvin 's ears , making alvin look as if he 'd just been released from prison .
or that in addition to being both intelligent and beautiful , with violet eyes , a slightly exotic , oval face , and dark hair , she had seen right through his ham-fisted attempts to charm her into the bedroom ?
no , they want to say , `` emmett , in addition to becoming a multimillionaire , just finished his phd in microbiology , and the new york times just ran a feature on how his most recent research is likely to lead to a cure for cancer . ''
in addition to face painting-instead of animals , the offerings were of space shuttles , meteors , planets , and satellites-he 'd somehow convinced the lego company to donate a thousand kits so kids could assemble their own space shuttles .
in addition , he never , ever , did anything that might have been considered rash or unexpected , and while there were probably many who would think these attributes highly commendable , isabella could n't help but consider him the most mundane person of her acquaintance .
`` in addition , '' anthony pressed , addressing isabella 's parents , `` i shall see to it that you are moved either to one of the apartments at kingsborough hall or to a larger town house-whichever you prefer .
`` in addition to the royalty payments outlined therein , i would , on the basis of what you have just now shown me , like to offer you an advance of one hundred pounds . ''
the only information terri had found in addition to sammy 's notes was an obituary notice that lydia drake had succumbed to cancer .
in addition , she 'd used a restrained hand with her makeup , just a hint of color on her cheeks and lips .
he did n't like her personally but she was a shark when it came to business and a good addition to his staff .
i 'm so glad to have her and jacob as additions and i 'd take a bullet for them as well , '' he said .
it would n't take ryan long to build an addition and you have nothing to lose as we 're already established .
they would certainly be keeping her busy over the next month with purchasing all the supplies to fill the new addition .
i took the mental inventory : in addition to the marks he 'd left all over my body , my legs were weak , my abdomen felt like i 'd done a hundred sit-ups , and , between my legs , i could still feel the echo of his h*ps pounding into me .
i myself do n't blame alice , and the addition of someone to this dinner who probably does n't know about what went on between all of us this year actually makes me glad .
the playroom is oddly transformed , although technically the only additions to it are the desk and a chair from downstairs ; all the other usual equipment is stored away , leaving the focus on the figure currently residing in the chair .
of course there 's the addition of a cat climbing tree and a few pillows for the furry critter to sleep on , but that 's not the most obvious change .
i feel a twinge of guilt about that , in addition to the fact that i did n't even know it was her birthday .
in addition to his half irish , half korean looks-pale skin , coal black hair and piercing green eyes-the boy has serious vocal talent .
my presence alone would have been enough for her , but the addition of whoever else she recognizes in the group renders her incapable of unstuttered speech .
i wait for more and of course there 's nothing , because in addition to the tall , dark and hot thing graham 's got going on , he 's also infuriatingly close-mouthed .
they 're hardworking people , but uninsured , and now they 've lost belongings they ca n't afford to replace , in addition to the fact that they 're currently homeless .
this girl resembles her in some obscure mannerisms i must have become aware of during the weeks we worked together , in addition to a striking physical similarity .
advanced english took care of reading and comprehension , and my four years of spanish - in addition to the fact that i used it nearly daily during community service projects - dispatched my foreign language requirement .
same flawlessly muscled legs and rounded hips , with the addition of those perfect br**sts and her beautiful face .
she had to agree with him though that women holding babies would be an excellent addition to the house .
`` we 'll keep you all updated on this beautiful new addition to our family and please keep amy , lucas and jasmine in your prayers as they bring this new baby into the world , '' she finished .
a bad time for it , seeing as i was down to my bra and panties , with the useless addition of high heels , but the thoughts remained .
and we could speculate that this psychic energy has built over time , strengthened , so that now , with the addition of other connected energies , it 's able to push out into our reality , to some extent , outside of its traditional time frame . ''
another addition would be the fact that cybil had a very sharp sense of direction , but had apparently made wrong turn after wrong turn to end up on that side road at the exact moment gage was coming up the main .
in addition to throwing the extra-large load , they had to allow an extra hour to write their stock orders .
a barrage of humiliating tests for both her and doug had revealed that in addition to her age , thirty-seven , she had to contend with something called asa or antisperm antibodies .
if bethanne had said something in addition to what courtney had already mentioned , their friends might have figured it out .
with valentine 's day the following week , they 'd received a huge shipment of roses , in addition to the flowers that arrived every other day .
in addition to the potato salad , i doctored up baked beans with brown sugar and mustard and baked a carrot cake for dessert .
in addition to the beginners ' class , she 'd be teaching a session on knitting with beads and another on felted purses .
the ones who remained were the original members of the widows ' group-with the addition of mark and hector .
`` in addition to that , there 's no guarantee we 'd f ind another apartment as reasonable as this one . ''
in addition , there were plastic tubs of yarn and knitting projects i 'd lost interest in for one reason or another .
i saw her picture in his bedroom when he showed me the latest addition to his baseball card collection .
in addition to beth ann 's booked appointments , she was still trying to squeeze in her saturday clients .
in addition to this one , there were four other locations with everything from a simple rucksack of equipment right up to one with a dirt bike .
in addition to all the normal sources , i interviewed business associates and friends and investigated his finances .
roy knew that as the most recent addition to the sheriff 's department , gloria pulled the less desirable shifts .
but capable though she was , teri did n't need a miserable friend to deal with , in addition to caring for three babies .
in addition , she bought an extra bag of miniature chocolate bars and a plastic pumpkin for the gallery .
in addition to the football team itself , the school band , the cheerleading squad and drill team were all present .
in addition , there 'd been a fire , the same fire that had badly burned russell 's face and hands .
ben was retired navy , a widower , and olivia had assumed he was simply a new addition to her crowd of friends .
justine was working too hard ; she was a young wife and mother , in addition to managing the restaurant 's books and occasionally filling in as hostess .
besides , in addition to her aches and pains , she noticed that perspiration was running freely down her face .
in addition to the rally , there were a number of meals and cocktail parties , sometimes as many as three in a single afternoon .
in addition to the staff , the waiting room full of patients who studied them as if they were hollywood celebrities indulging in a public spat .
in addition to the colored ornaments , we have strings of lights to match , and all of the ornaments that have sentimental value that always go on the tree , regardless of color theme .
`` well , since you seem bent on making her a permanent addition to your household , it would hardly hurt if she-and the maid-were trained in the basics of defense . ''
it disgusted her that he was so turned on after hearing how injured she was , that he 'd actually get off on the idea of forcing her to endure the humiliation of his possession in addition to the pain forced on her because she was n't ready or willing .
`` and a big welcome to the newest addition to our family , '' adam said as he held up a glass in lily 's direction .
as soon as we get michael squared away with converting his house to the new clinic , we 're going to tackle the addition to this house . ''
`` not only do you have a stand-in mother , but you also have three fathers and three brothers in addition to max , and you have two sisters too . ''
as they gathered at the table , lily smiled a soft , secret smile , imagining her own addition to the colter family who would arrive a few months down the road .
holly is well and back home where she belongs , and now we 'll welcome a new addition to the colter family . ''
in addition to all the bars and grates , the adobe and stucco buildings held grime , though people fought it with flamboyant paint .
i thought there must be a woman in his life because it was clean and guest towels hung on the rack in addition to the old ones piled on the counter .
the granite angel seemed to come out of nowhere and i slammed my head into its wings hard enough to see stars in addition to the white sparks .
in addition , there was a secret society of gifted individuals that i 'd only just learned about , and the mentor who was supposed to teach me how to go on probably never wanted to see or hear from me again .
`` do you think your divine blood might be reacting to the demon magick , in addition to the compulsion as consort ? ''
i walked back towards the picnic table where the newest addition to our family , the furry kind , was still smiling through his panting .
if this got out , in addition to the slutty girl known for giving a guy head in between classes , i 'd also be labeled a rebound opportunist .
it was slippery from my sweaty hands , so now , in addition to not tripping , not passing out , and not saying anything stupid , i had to add `` do n't let the mic slide out my hands '' to the punch card .
even jagger and luna , who were far from what i 'd call best friends , could be a nice addition to this town .
buffalo bob had made even a plain lettuce , cucumber and tomato salad taste delicious with the addition of a tart-sweet cranberry dressing .
in addition , valentine confronted alexander head-on , not only declaring i was inadequate for my vampire boyfriend , but also trying to read his soul .
in addition to feeling as though he 'd been run over by a truck - repeatedly - his mouth was cotton-dry and his head was ringing with the relentless beep and hiss of electronic machinery somewhere nearby .
in addition to her assortment of self- inflicted injuries , her jeans and long-sleeved black sweater were torn and ragged .
in addition to the practical contents ( a flashlight , a candle , and matches ) , the drawer held the strange mementoes of my strange life .
`` in addition to owning this gym , i do contract work for an agency that protects national security . ''
jerry -- who actually possessed a legal new jersey driver 's license in addition to his fake one from new york state that made him officially eighteen and therefore old enough to buy booze -- had his own car .
`` in addition to the sip-and-strip clubs he tends to frequent , our boy murdock also seems to prefer his blood hosts on the rare side - as in very young .
add to that the fact that jenna 's body seemed to heal from injuries at a rate similar to that of lucan 's kind , combined with her newfound superhuman strength and agility , and the former trooper from alaska was shaping up to be one hell of an addition to the order 's personnel arsenal .
`` they 've only been here two days , '' lanthe answered , not seeming to like the new additions any more than carrow did .
kylie types a few additional notes into her tablet and then ushers the two men off , talking up plans of renovations and additions and completely gutting gram 's house .
to the point that my boss wants to spank me with a ruler and an old friend assumes i spend my days drilling addition into first graders ' brains .
the room 's french doors -- the very first addition she 'd made to the house -- were flanked on either side by floor-to-ceiling windows .
since then , the resort had grown by leaps and bounds , with additions to the manor , and separate lodges , shops and other accommodations being built on and around until the place looked for all the world like a quaint , isolated little village .
in addition to his significant wealth , his towering height , broad shoulders and movie-star good looks were more than a little overwhelming .
in addition to being gracious and friendly , they 'd treated her just like `` one of the girls , '' and she 'd genuinely enjoyed herself .
not only that , but in addition to trying to juggle her return to it 's your party , she would also be making the long trek back to aspen tomorrow already ... and probably several more times this week because erica 's wedding was on friday .
but in addition to the food and decor , and keeping everything and everyone on schedule , the entire immediate jarrod family was in attendance this evening .
in addition to the blood of someone from merlin and nimue 's lines , we need the second generation in a banshee line , so one who is also a mother .
so in addition to kidnapping , less than four hours later he 'd be adding breaking and entering to his criminal repertoire .
after a moment , my brain rewound to look at the events of the last few weeks again-with the addition of nathan in the picture .
this website needs to be overhauled by monday morning , with the addition of these pages and the information i 've outlined . ''
`` in addition to smuggling alcohol and assault weapons , they 've also been suspected of trafficking women .
it was even worse than when i 'd left , with the addition of pink curtains to cover the one window at the end of the room , and a pink throw rug that rested between our beds .
now , in addition to the haunting song , came the clopping sound of shoes and the jangle of a cart being wheeled .
in addition to being a good friend of mine , julian is a respected attorney , and i have nothing but the utmost regard for him . ''
in addition to her regular responsibilities at work , she was also helping beth and suzy organize the danvers christmas party .
suzy was wrapped in gray 's arms and they looked a little teary over the new merimon family addition .
eight days later , after heavy preparation and planning , their team- including the addition of american snipers-was inserted into the mountains by a vehicle-mounted patrol .
in addition to taking the core classes in communications , she made time to read at least four newspapers a day and watch as many newscasts as possible .
the nurses in charge of her learned how to be bodyguards and bouncers in addition to their normal jobs .
for the next few hours , she did more afternoon chores : in addition to all the regular things , she arranged vases of flowers and placed them throughout the house , positioned and lit scented candles on dressers too high for the boys to reach , and thoroughly cleaned the guest room in case tully decided she had time to say .
since cbs had lured her over , she 'd had to include afternoon meetings in addition to her morning broadcasts .
mrs. m. went straight to the wet bar in the living room-an addition in the late eighties-and poured two glasses of wine .
tully maneuvered her off the deck , down a wide wooden ramp that was a very new addition ; then she paused .
with the addition of the new team , it was doubtful sam would send them off on their own for some time .
the entire family was gathered , happy and rejoicing over the addition of two new kellys into the pack .
i froze and glared at the new addition to my bed for almost an entire minute before setting my beer on the dresser and walking over .
he was a good distraction from everything , because in addition to dimitri ignoring me , lissa and christian were chatting on in their own little world too .
but he felt it-in the way she touched his hand , in the way she kissed him , even in the way she always came home with an addition to his stash of twinkies .
i continued meeting with a therapist for a year or so afterward , in addition to going to weekly self-help meetings .
she would have said that any orgasm was an extra gift in addition to the way she felt when they were conjoined .
a relationship she had cultivated in addition to her pursuit of professor emerson had run its course , which meant that she would n't be skiing in whistler , british columbia , with her erstwhile lover over the christmas holidays .
in addition to being an ass and a pompous prick , he was a knuckle-dragging , potentially mouth-breathing neanderthal who felt some proprietary ownership over a younger woman he barely knew and who hated him .
then he would take her to greg 's for homemade ice cream ... and invite her to accompany him to the art gallery of ontario to see frank gehry 's architectural addition next weekend .
in addition to giving her a key to the professor 's carrel , he 'd offered advice about how best to structure her thesis proposal , and he 'd made her laugh more than once - more than she had laughed in a very , very long time .
in addition to her boulangerie and fromagerie french , she knew enough of the language to realize that the title of rodin 's sculpture , le baiser in french , was part of its subversion .
gabriel slowly began rubbing his eyes , for in addition to suffering from one of the worst hangover headaches of his life , he was slightly enjoying the sight of miss mitchell in his t-shirt and boxer shorts , passionately angry and shouting at him in a multiplicity of western european languages .
she pul ed it out , placed the ear buds in her ears , and scrolled through the music to the recently added song section , where she discovered that gabriel had made two additions .
in addition to writing her thesis , she needed to complete essays for her seminars , which were due december fourth .
having recognized all of this , in addition to his sorrow over maia , she tried very hard to fight back tears , for she did n't want to upset him , but she could n't stop them .
they 'd fled cambridge because their home in harvard square was in upheaval , as an addition to the house was under construction .
there was something about his appearance , something about his face that seemed strangely familiar ... `` they 've made an addition to this room since your last visit . ''
rebecca ( who was delighted at the prospect of becoming a nanny in addition to her housekeeping duties ) had rented out her house in norwood and moved into one of the guest bedrooms .
but christopher was a well -endowed man in addition to that , and his possession of the tight space inside her stretched her deliciously .
the new additions to the fray bought them precious time and soon she could not see anyone on their heels .
`` he says i remind him of a lover lost to him , but in truth i sense he wants me for myself in addition to that . ''
the new additions to the fray bought them precious time , and soon she could not see anyone on their heels .
in addition , he is well respected , and when it comes to traversing certain ... intimate channels , he is unsurpassed .
`` in addition to the fact that i was there when lysette was buried , the simple truth is that she and i were very close .
in addition , the vicomtess 's beauty remained unmarred by lines and her figure was as svelte and sweetly curved as lynette 's .
in addition to kicking car ass , it also helped cart around musical equipment when needed while still making me feel like i owned the road just a little , which was extremely satisfying .
`` in addition to the risk of traveling alone , there 's the added expense of putting you up in hotel rooms for a couple of nights , plus meals and mileage .
in addition to the obvious fact that everyone should eat what their mother-in-law serves , hers are actually moist .
in addition to turkey and all the fixings , there were a number of salads and vegetable dishes , plus fresh-baked rolls still warm from the oven .
`` then he demanded extra pay because he claimed he did housework in addition to babysitting , '' his mother reminded them .
in addition to the drivers thinking i was about five rungs out of my league , most everyone in the stands who 'd witnessed my rookie mistake was chuckling and shaking their head .
there have been so many wings and additions to the main house over the decades it 's sometimes hard to keep it all straight . ''
she smiled when she saw that in addition to the steaks , he 'd brought over chicken br**sts and pork chops .
in addition to the well-stocked library , the man had a wine cellar that would make royalty green with envy .
my stomach still felt tight and excited , and with the addition of lucent 's fingers , my body was beginning to wind up more and more , compressed like a spring but ready to leap up and let loose my eagerness at any moment .
in addition to being mr. deveridge , you are also terrence dinwiddie , a stoop-shouldered , graying scribe in want of a position . ''
denny had taken out a supplemental life insurance policy in addition to the one he had through the teachers ' union and that had left mia pretty comfortable , although no one knew about the second policy right away .
apparently , in addition to not having a sense of humor , dr. tyler also does n't like to snow-blow his walk .
we covet the exceptional and beautiful specimens , choosing to change those that will make excellent additions to our race .
't is said she brings a rich dowry to her marriage in addition to the bequest of the lands for her firstborn . ''
there are twenty-two private organizations like the order in the united states alone , in addition to the unknown number of private contractors like me .
the front legs of the chair come back down hard against the floor and then three more men , in addition to the one who dragged me , are holding my arms and legs .
in addition to mandarin , this fall , i 'll take french , along with another shakespeare class with professor glenny .
in addition , i am trained in three schools of martial arts and have an expert-marksman rating in a shooting range of eleven hundred feet .
`` so , in addition to dealing with the continuing problem of the rogues , now we 're coming up against breed vampires hopped up on crimson too .
in addition , all the fabric that had originally rested on it andbeenstrewn onthefloorhad been gathered and restacked on the tableadjacent .
like for instance , in addition to maybe being a floozy , jane did n't go to church , just like daddy .
granddad would also approve of his doing business with cissy warren , who , in addition to being a senator 's daughter with a trust fund , was also the chairwoman of the largest textile manufacturing company in the united states .
and the woman he 's going to meet with is the chair of the committee to resurrect golfing for god , in addition to being the wife of the man who sold hugh the wetlands in the first place .
and yes , lillian bray , in addition to having him arrested for assault , is trying to get the town council to condemn his land .
in addition to the beauty salon and the kountry kitchen , the main drag sported a hardware store , a small post office , and a little shop called a good yarn .
because the truth was , in addition to being shocked by his own behavior , he had felt a little like a cheating husband .
in addition to his ball cap , white t-shirt , work boots , and faded jeans , the man had a serious-looking tool belt strapped across his lean hips .
and , in addition to a bean casserole , savannah wanted to bake an apple pie , just to prove the point that her crust was flakier than jenny carpenter 's .
it obscured their appearances , and with the addition of some fake names , the mastrano family just assumed the guys were part of our increasingly bizarre entourage .
along with his gold earrings and chains , he also wore a black fedora , which was a new addition to his outlandish wardrobe .
something that caused the people around him to cringe , scream and flee as they saw his short-sleeved armored shirt that was covered with light bombs , ammunition clips , four blasters ( in addition to the one in his hand ) , his rappelling gear and all the other `` just in case '' things he carried in addition to his backpack .
caillen moved to it while chayden did his best to outmaneuver their newest addition and hauk tried to blow their enemies out of space .
`` the addition to the will was the stipulation that you take the role as ceo of the company for no less than a year , dominic .
busy following her instructions , nicole asked , `` so , is everyone gathered tonight to celebrate the newest addition to your family ?
although the building had undergone renovations and modern additions had been added , jake led her to an old entrance .
in addition to the image consultant dominic had found for jeremy , jake had offered him an office in their main building .
yes , he had locked her in like she was a purchased addition to a harem , but he 'd done it to protect her .
i told myself she did n't mean to compare me to chloe , who , in addition to being a coldhearted bitch , wore red lipstick that was totally the wrong shade for her skin .
in addition to being impossibly endearing , there was something else that gave tegan her distinctive tegan-ness .
the names were listed in the order they 'd been killed , with the newest addition at the bottom : a woman named naomi .
on the other hand , most of the 46th 's senior officers were veterans of considerable battlefield experience , and hal chose new additions carefully .
hal , quite accustomed to signor berculi , ignored this pleasantry and introduced mr. wainwright as a new addition to the family and to the regiment .
he 'd no idea what james fraser might have done-confronted simultaneously and without warning by the man who 'd put him in fetters , and by the one who 'd had him flogged , in addition to the man who was currently blackmailing him-but whatever he might have done , grey would n't have blamed him for doing it .
when informed that he would be attending to captain fraser 's valeting , in addition to grey 's , though , tom had grasped the nettle manfully and been very helpful in compiling the tailor 's list .
the bass player and max were the original founding members , and it looked like max 's boyfriend was a more recent addition .
and that was in addition to the condition the guy 's face was in , courtesy of whatever he 'd slammed the thing into .
the only `` bad '' thing was a bene , anyway : the popcorn machine was a recent addition - and an odd sort of battlefield .
in addition to making the first chess move with mercer , he had bought a boat , a car and a house on the river .
in addition to the staggering amount he owes remington 's , merchants have begun repossessing goods and duns have become regular visitors to the montrose residence here in town .
the girl on the other side of the bed rolled over and narrowed her eyes at the new addition to our awkward little party .
i pulled my long hair out of the collar of my coat and tried not to wince as the movement caused my new addition to move uncomfortably against my bra .
of course , her mr. big was really her husband and with just a tiny addition on those loan papers she would have scored .
a staple in bergamo , many american bakeries stayed away from the true italian classics and stuck with the basics , which made this addition unique .
the combined delights of his meaty c*ck inside her p**sy , in addition to his balls and h*ps slapping loudly against her lower moans , was enough to send her into orbit .
in addition , there was a large map of the north carolina coast that hung directly over his bed , documenting the location of almost five hundred shipwrecks .
in addition , he 'd come home with a suitcase full of dirty laundry that needed to be washed , he wanted to develop the pictures he 'd taken on his vacation , and he had a tuesday afternoon appointment with the orthodontist to see if he needed braces .
like all of the breed , he had , in addition to the vampiric traits of his father , certain unique extrasensory abilities passed down from the human female who bore him .
sterling chase , the ex - darkhaven enforcement agent who 'd joined up with the order last year and had proven to be a formidable - enthusiastically lethal - addition to the group , was present and accounted for too .
the combination of the twist and the sudden addition of weight broke his grip , and she slid under his arm .
she 'd wanted madeline 's medical assurance in addition to her obstetrician 's that traveling in her first trimester would n't endanger the baby .
i think you and she would be very happy there and you would make positive additions to the underworld .
in addition to the fragile beauty , she was soft and feminine - the kind of woman a lonely sailor imagines sleeping in his bed , waiting for him .
`` they found rush buried under a pile of rubble ; he 's lost a lot of blood and in addition to internal injuries , his arm has been severely cut .
in addition , she would be given the painful task of having someone discharged from the navy if they failed to meet the requirements in regard to weight and fitness .
but by far the most prominent addition was a large oil painting hanging on the wall above the fireplace .
she had two part-time employees now in addition to catherine , the retired woman the olsens had recommended , who was shana 's most valuable employee .
then he 'd figured that he did n't want her to think of him as being handicapped in addition to being a nerd .
in addition to that concern , harry had caught a whiff of matchmaking in the air whenever his mother glanced at lainie .
in addition to that , hav**g s*x would mean they 'd necessarily have to spend lots of time together .
he might think total immersion meant being her boy toy for the weekend in addition to coaching her on all things nerdy .
`` right , and in addition to the sibling rivalry , she 's genuinely afraid you 'll hurt yourself , so she could convince herself that her actions are necessary to protect you . ''
montgomerys filtered in and out of the hall , obviously with the intent of seeing the new addition to the clan .
it worked ; he attended duke university on a full athletic scholarship and was their top runner for four years , in addition to excelling in the classroom .
in addition to reconstructive work , he was one of the first physicians in north carolina to expand his practice to include plastic surgery , and he caught the wave just as it started to swell .
in addition to folding the clothes , he 'd straightened up ; she remembered that before she 'd left , there were videos strewn near the television , a pile of empty cups on the end table , a year 's worth of magazines stacked haphazardly on the desk by the door .
as claire kept the conversation flowing smoothly with small talk , suzy took a moment to study the new addition to danvers .
as she drove back to the hospital , past the strip malls that marked the highway , she caught sight of a recent addition .
mirabel was a goat , and a sufficiently new addition to the household as still to be interesting , for germain brightened at the suggestion .
but- '' `` i am very sorry not to be able to show you one specimen-it would have been a notable addition to my collection , i assure you !
extinguished in the grass , the fish proved to be quite edible , if a little crispy round the edges , and a tolerably good supper , with the addition of bread and beer .
and then an establishment which appeared to share some of the characteristics of a tavern , but was embellished by the addition of several ladies of interesting appearance and even more interesting talents .
and murtagh will have enough money to make him a welcome addition , even if they have to give him the captain 's cabin . ''
in addition to the monkey , from whom she would not be parted , louise 's country house contained a number of other decorations of dubious taste .
there was a little hesitation when the tenants came face-to-face with the proposed addition to their diet , but the party-like atmosphere-helped along by a judicious keg of home-brewed whisky-overcame any misgivings , and soon the ground near the potato field was littered with the forms of impromptu diners , hunched over bowls held on their knees .
the addition of an important clan chieftain to the roster of supporters would greatly influence the odds of others joining .
in addition , he had been schooled in the classics at the universite in paris , and-while disagreeing now and then with some of the roman philosophers-regarded both homer and virgil as personal friends .
in addition , hector cameron had cannily acquired land containing a wide creek , one of many that flowed into cape fear .
while i spent some time each day chatting with jocasta and attempting to learn from her the art of spinning wool , jamie spent an hour or two with the butler , ulysses , who in addition to serving as jocasta 's eyes and as major domo of the house , had evidently also been managing the accounts of the plantation since hector cameron 's death .
in addition , i made rare visits with ian to anna ooka to see nayawenne , returning with baskets and jars of useful herbs .
in addition to the horses and mules , we had acquired a small flock of chickens , a depraved-looking black boar to meet the social needs of the pig , and-luxury of luxuries-a milch goat , all of whom required to be fed and watered and generally kept from killing themselves or being eaten by bears or panthers .
she had taken as husband a man who had been widowed in the measles epidemic , and had presented him with this new addition to the family a few months before .
the doctor had shaved his head , a condition which , in addition to affronting his vanity , itched abominably .
i can not hope to claim the same profligacy of procreation-yet i hope you will write to my mother with the wish that she has not yet so many grandchildren that she will overlook the addition of one more .
as though mind reading again , geilie explained that in addition to its use in summoning spirits , the reflecting pan was an excellent accessory for dressing the hair .
in the event , we left the glen of the cave with dougal 's purse and five men , in addition to murtagh and myself : rupert , john whitlow , willie macmurtry , and the twin brothers , rufus and geordie coulter .
now , in more peaceful times , its gates stood open to allow easy traffic with the nearby village , and the small stone cells of its guest wing had been softened by the addition of tapestries and comfortable furniture .
our population here exhibits a gratifying growth of late , with the addition of some twenty families since last i wrote .
there were a dismaying number of molds that would grow on damp bread , in addition to several dozen different strains of penicillium , but the samples i had chosen contained the best matches for the textbook pictures of penicillium sporophytes that i had committed to memory , years ago , in another life .
in addition , each horse had delicate black feathers decorating hoof and fetlock , that lifted like floating milkweed seed with each step .
roger nodded politely toward the ensemble , which , now unpacked , boasted a battered cello , two viols , a trumpet , a flute , and something which he thought might have started life as a hunting horn , though it appeared to have been amended since by the addition of several odd loops of tubing that stuck out in different directions .
jamie had the advantage of size and skill , but wylie was by no means a novice in the art of fisticuffs , and was in addition propelled by a berserk rage .
my own vocabulary had expanded by the addition of the words for `` water , '' `` fire , '' `` food , '' and `` help !
after the proper ceremonies and a large welcoming feast-featuring smoked pigeon livers with fried apples-the large party of hunters set off at dawn , equipped with pine torches and firepots , in addition to bows , muskets , and rifles .
in addition , his right leg is broken , but i 'm not going to put him through the agony of resetting it , '' doc said , rubbing a weary hand over his tired eyes .
in addition to her outward appearance , he greatly admired her intelligence , fortitude , and gentle spirit .
i hope the sheep will be a good addition to our farm , '' aundy said , catching garrett rolling his eyes .
was she horrified by the thought that drew would like to get cozy with her in addition to escorting her around town ?
in addition , no gang-related clothing , '' she says , looking right at luis and then eyeing the rest of the class , `` and no threats against any student or you 'll be out of my class permanently .
regin stood and brandished one of the two swords that she usually wore in sheaths crisscrossed over her back - in addition to the dagger sheath she customarily wore on her forearm .
in addition to all the inherent risks , it would be only a temporary measure , a desperate , tactic to buy lyssa some time until he could figure out what to do .
`` in addition- '' her voice grew stronger as she warmed to the topic of his faults , `` -it would be impossible to disguise the air about you which distinguishes you . ''
in addition , if my new suitor is perceived to be a threat , perhaps the scoundrel will turn his malicious attentions toward him .
in addition to the loss of control over my own funds , i 'd be agreeing to spend an inordinate amount of time with another person .
in addition to the safety considerations that prompted today 's excursion , the exercise also brought to light how much he enjoyed talking with eliza and listening to her view of situations .
in addition to being the only family she had remaining , he did not seek to fill perfectly good moments of silence with inane chatter .
`` in addition to that defect of character , montague is also cursed with aberrant sexual appetites . ''
`` in addition , '' she went on , her voice growing husky , `` it 's impossible to disguise the air about you which distinguishes you . ''
`` in addition to your regular white-reaper prevention detail , you will be madison 's guardian angel .
being their children in addition to our unique circumstance ... we 've become people of interest , so to speak .
`` commissioner johnson and six members of state government , in addition to seven police officers have come to untimely deaths in the last eighteen months , including kit anderson .
in addition to being easy on the eyes , he was a great boss - very open to educating me about the ad business and quick to trust that he did n't have to show me how to do something twice .
but soon the shrink was spending most of the time counseling my mother , who was having a difficult pregnancy in addition to two young boys who were out of control .
in addition , jeff might blurt out questions about cole 's dead son that would be terribly painful for him .
in addition to the points that are being traded back and forth , there 's a hell of a lot of smack talk .
in addition , we bring in our own lunch , which includes several chicken sandwiches , fries and two sodas .
in addition to the staggering amount he owes remington 's , merchants have begun repossessing goods and duns have become regular visitors to the montrose residence here in town .
if i talked to your source , in addition to protecting you , perhaps we could craft a better story together .
she had no idea what any of it did , but gage seemed happy with each new addition , patiently explaining what it did , how it made some kind of contribution to making music .
andra showed up randomly every couple of weeks in addition to her normal weekly visits , and never once in eight years had she seen any signs of mistreatment of the patients .
the addition of so much energy into neal 's body so fast with no way for him to release it was going to kill him .
in addition to hunting and killing every synestryn they could get their hands on , the men were also all searching for the women they knew were out there .
in addition , she seeks to sell the plantation , and caulfield 's property borders hers , so she has the impetus and means to conclude her affairs posthaste and return to you . ''
the structure was immediately recognizable-it was a miniature replica of the one on the pennington estate , with the addition of netting around the back and sides .
`` the price you could fetch for me , in addition to the spoils from the caravan , would certainly outweigh whatever pleasure you might have from me in your bed . ''
not much had been changed other than the addition of the computers and fax , because davencourt was n't a house given to swift or dramatic changes .
all of the breed were born with their own unique talents -- or curses , in some cases -- in addition to the longevity , strength , and bloodthirst that were traits of their kind .
`` too bad andreas reichen is n't here to add some fire to this party , '' chase added , referring to the most recent addition to the order 's ranks , the former darkhaven leader from germany .
she 'd scarcely registered the addition of a third voice in the conversation when the leash whipped around her neck and yanked her back .
mia 's family , in addition to being non-royal , was also pretty lower class - not that there was anything wrong with that , but she had to feel the effects of that around here .
* * * any decently stocked institute should have on hand a selection of all of the weapons mentioned here , in addition to other basic useful combat tools such as : binding wire of silver , gold , and/or electrum ; wooden stakes in oak and ash ; amulets of protection ; assorted holy symbols for major world religions ; and basic magic implements ( chalk , iron filings , small vial of animal blood , etc . ) .
in addition , marks made by one parabatai upon another are stronger than other marks , and there are marks that only parabatai can use , because they draw on the partners ' doubled strength .
in addition to their general hideousness , demons often carry with them a scent of death that can be very strong .
in addition to being repelled by direct seraphic energy , most demons can be warded off with holy symbols of all kinds .
in addition to the danger posed by their nearly perfect ability to camouflage themselves , eidolon also have a marked advantage over other demon species : when shifted into the form of a human , they are somewhat protected from the destructive light of the sun .
in addition , a fairly serious stigma is still associated with the disease , and its presence is considered sufficient evidence for the violation of the law against consorting with demons .
weaknesses in addition to their supernatural strength , grace , and reflexes , werewolves have the same unnaturally accelerated healing abilities as most other downworlders .
in addition , older and more powerful vampires often regain the ability to speak holy names , although it 's not clear whether this is because the aversion fades over time or because as the vampires age , they descend more deeply into the demonic and become able to speak god 's name as a curse .
in addition , the question is merely theoretical , since the mortal mirror is lost to the shadowhunters and has been for hundreds of years .
there must be some magic deep within the collective memory of all humans , for otherwise how could we ( and downworlders ) make use of any magic , even with the addition of angel or demon blood ?
it is clearly the third of the mortal instruments given by raziel , and it is mentioned in all shadowhunter histories , so we do not believe that it is a later addition .
for three months the clave considers the petition , examining the history of the shadowhunter who has applied , and his family , in addition to the background and nature of the possible ascender .
raziel 's words to jonathan shadowhunter include , in addition to the discussion of the mortal instruments , a mention of `` a gift i bring to you upon the earth . ''
in addition to having grown up together and being close friends , jace and alec are also parabatai .
but maybe you ca n't quite pull off identifying with magnus , who in addition to his taste for glitter , sequins , and vast quantities of hair products has the swagger and easy sophistication that comes from his eight centuries of living .
march flips a few switches , and i can hear a new hum in addition to the engines and the ominous rush of wings growing ever closer .
`` hon said they make trade runs to other outposts in the outskirts , in addition to hijacking corp freighters . ''
`` there are a few formerly class-p worlds that have reached the correct level of technology to be considered for addition to the conglomerate .
in addition , he needs to be here to come to terms with the smugglers , and more ships arrive every day .
get me those results as quick as you can , in addition to the scans you performed on the salvage you retrieved .
in addition to our classroom time , we spend hours in the workout room , practicing our hand-to-hand .
`` in addition to the armada , '' dina says thoughtfully , `` we could use a police force to punish the guilty for those crimes we 're unable to prevent .
i 'm already bored , in addition to tired , beyond filthy , and hungry , so i sit down on the pristine floor while vel communes with the machines .
`` you are assigned to five years house arrest guard duty in addition to your regular bench assignments . ''
the addition of `` in the bedroom '' made it clear that if i were to be in control , it would be here only-and because she allowed it .
she 'd surrounded herself with family-and it was ever growing with new additions as more of the brothers and team members married-and had contented herself with complacency .
she was n't inclined to spend two or three hundred dollars of her precious cash for emergency room care , in addition to probably being questioned by the cops .
she had brought a full course of antibiotics , and prescriptions of painkillers and seconals , in addition to picking up some over-the-counter stuff in edinburgh .
now that she was inside she could see that in addition to the four tall towers which stood at each comer , there were two smaller inner towers , one on each end of the center great hall .
a ranch this size had a fair amount of overhead , including a payroll for several regular hands and a few seasonal ones , all of whom had to be housed and fed in addition to their wages .
there was even a narrow , seldom-used staircase that led from the kitchen to the second floor , an addition made when three growing , often dirty , boys had needed to get upstairs without making too big a mess .
in addition to lasagna , she served a garlicky caesar salad , another of his favorites , and crusty french bread .
some things had changed in the past few years , of course , largely because of the new additions to the families .
he did n't need much space-a bedroom and maybe an office in addition to the living area-but as soon as he 'd start the process , he 'd reason that the lot was better suited for something more family-friendly .
in addition , the veterinary clinic offered lessons for dogs and their owners every saturday morning for a fraction of the price .
`` do n't tell me that in addition to training dogs , fixing cars , and being a musician , you 're an expert chef '' `` i would n't go that far .
in addition to my regular golf game , i began walking through our neighborhood three mornings a week , hoping to lose a bit of weight .
by late spring , i came to the conclusion that in addition to these daily changes , i needed to do something else , something dramatic , something to show jane that she was still , and always would be , the most important person in my life .
`` i know your heart is set on next weekend , '' i said to anna , `` but would you mind if we invited a few extra people , in addition to the family ?
in addition to frequently placing my career above the needs of my family , i 've always taken the stability of our marriage for granted .
in the end , i brought three pairs of pants , three pairs of shorts , and six shirts , in addition to undergarments and everything else i thought i needed .
in addition to the bread and the wine , there on the platter in front of him was a roasted guinea pig .
in addition , i was under doctor 's orders not to run for three months , which would only put me further behind my peers .
in addition to learning that she 'd need radiation , my sister was put on the antiseizure medication .
in addition , training sessions were conducted out of the home offices in new jersey , and micah and i would inevitably end up in the same sessions .
in addition to filming me , they 'd also been filming at warner books all summer ; sitting in on marketing meetings , conducting interviews with larry kirshbaum , the ceo of warner books , maureen egen , the president , and jamie raab , my editor , in addition to filming a book group ( composed of strangers ) who would discuss the novel .
in addition to writing my novels , i spent the next three years working with ryan for three hours a day , seven days a week .
in addition to taking over my dad 's role in shuttling dana to and from various appointments , he 'd also become my sister 's confidant and cheerleader , all while trying to keep her from knowing how worried he actually was .
in addition to the half dozen mobile homes perched haphazardly off the road and a couple of cross streets , the stretch of blacktop was dominated by two run-down gas stations and leroy 's tires .
he 'd have to get a good topographical map of the area , in addition to the street map he had just bought .
for the most part , the same dozen homes were chosen every year , in addition to four churches and the library .
in addition , there were a couple of entries concerning the town 's social events , which seemed to consist largely of watching sailboats on the pamlico river , going to church , playing bridge , and promenading along main street on saturday afternoons .
thanks to the addition of the cemetery and its mysterious lights , they 'd sold a few hundred extra tickets to the tour , and jeremy 's presence had offered them the opportunity to get the word out nationally .
sometimes an owner would come , hoping to find a lost pet , and he 'd leave with one of our recent additions if he could n't find it .
in addition to sending letters even more frequently , i began to phone him on tuesdays and fridays at exactly one o'clock his time , just to make sure he was okay .
and even though they were jewish , they decorated their house with christmas lights in addition to themenorah they put in the window at the holidays .
one side jutted out like an old woman 's bad hip-that was the addition her grandparents had built for their grandchildren .
in addition , he 'd managed to glimpse a side of her that he very much doubted few people had ever seen .
in addition , you will require one to three months to recover , so if we do it now , you shall be forced to miss the remainder of the season . ''
in addition , most physicians and surgeons are reluctant to teach their future competitors , extending the period it takes a student to acquire the necessary skills to an indefinite amount of time . ''
reinhardt had kept pace with her because he 'd been in pain , yet in addition to a recently dislocated shoulder , he now sported a black eye as well , thanks to her .
in addition to the security system that is available at this residence , my team will mount around-the-clock surveillance .
in addition to wanting lucan thorne and his band of warriors put out of business , dragos had also returned to one of his initial mission objectives : the systematic and total extinction of every gen one breed on the planet .
`` except in addition to the dna replications we found in her last sample results and the other things she 's mentioned , jenna now also has a glyph. ``
maybe ... in addition to the sex , a little remorse on your part for spurning morganna centuries ago would help . ''
in addition to the scandal of even being involved , mikhail had actually wanted to hunt down sonya when she was a strigoi to free her from that twisted state .
in addition to the caftan , he 'd bought sweaters , shirts , jeans , even a few dresses , all in the bright colours he liked-and thought she did .
because the guy was quite short , we had to improvise around his legs with the addition of javier 's silk ties .
when he 'd finally left , in addition to his father , there 'd been a grandfather , four uncles , three aunts , and sixteen cousins .
they started walking again , and as they got closer , his eyes narrowed at the new and unexpected addition .
in addition to his legitimate reasons for rushing the marriage , the plain truth was that connor was tired of sleeping alone and damned tired of his own hand on his shaft .
in addition to maciain 's warriors , fleet of galleys , and marriage tie to the campbells , maciain 's close relationship with the crown would be useful .
recent family additions had turned two of his best consultants-one male , one female-into babbling , sleep-deprived fools .
she thought she 'd done a better job of hiding her broken heart by diving right in and assuming her dad 's old duties in addition to hers .
flame tender , a recent addition to our planet , will be here to give us a more personal account of the settling of fire world .
the sun shining on her , making her a silhouette , in addition to her stance , is what makes her feel so strong .
`` ... in addition to the aforementioned shares , a seat on the board of directors shall be given to rachel weber .
she was constantly adding items to it throughout the year-picking up additions on clearance or from yard sales . ''
in addition to cds , there were actual vinyl record albums-thousands of them , some of them most likely collector 's items , including an unopened copy of abbey road and a slew of old 45s simply hanging on the wall with signatures of people like elvis presley , bob marley , and ritchie valens .
and i do n't want to think about what you might be giving up , in addition to everything else that 's going on in my life .
only then did he realize that - in addition to baking the pie - she 'd tidied up around the kitchen .
like many of the kids she 'd known in high school , he 'd gotten in trouble , but she also learned that he 'd won the state championship in wrestling - in addition to the rodeo stuff - in both his junior and senior years .
he 'd had no idea that in addition to fracturing his skull , the bull had cracked his c1 vertebra and that his brain had swelled with blood .
there was a plethora of things she wanted done related to the gathering in addition to his normal duties .
or why more and more she preferred to hear him speak aloud in addition to thinking thoughts when he was at a distance .
though she tried to obscure it with other thoughts , she was too used to relying on her shields , and he had a whole new level of psy- chic clarity in addition to his own to defrost the window of her mind .
as a result , in addition to his carefully rationed store of blood packed in his cooler backpack , he carried something even more im- portant .
layla , being layla , had created a large chart of the interior on the wall-to scale-with the projected changes and additions in place .
since there was no access to the storage room from inside , anyone who wanted to see damon had to go out the front door and around to the addition tacked on near the kitchen garden .
the branch , which was proper javelin size , had gone through damon 's shoulder , which must hurt like hel , in addition to having splattered a blood drop right at the corner of his mouth .
damon was wearing black boots , black jeans , a black t-shirt , and black leather jacket , in addition to his ray-bans .
elena did n't dare to try to comfort her telepathically ; that would n't fit in with the aura of a `` normal human girl '' at all , and who knew what traps or devices might be hidden here in addition to the man who kept undressing them over and over with his eyes ?
from her stance , from her tone , one could almost hear the unspoken addition , `` with my life '' - and it did n't even seem melodramatic .
in addition , talon was sitting on one - so the problem might be taken care of fairly soon , as she was ripping the material and drawing blood .
`` well , it 'll go nicely with your new wardrobe addition , '' the dark-haired one said , handing me a bright orange jumpsuit .
i live in the addition around back , which is completely separate from the house , so there 's no chance of my parents walking in on us .
`` i 've just had a recent addition to my team and i know for sure she 'll make things different , interesting ...
`` i 've just had a recent addition to my team and i know for sure she 'll make things different , interesting ...
he remained unconscious , and when they finally laid him out in the back seat of matt 's car they were all bruised and exhausted , in addition to being wet from the contact with his soaking clothes .
in addition to being damn fine security , his little team was also being paid to track khalil 's movements and to try and find any dirt on the jackal that they could .
so when they changed the flight plans , in addition to the flight crew , they listed a single female passenger , weighing approximately one hundred forty pounds . ''
burke could n't help but notice an addition to the duffel bags he and cole had carried with them from south america .
in addition , she read all her father 's notes and records and interrogated her sisters until they begged for mercy .
`` in addition to the coat promotion , i 've planned for wine night on tuesdays , where all bottles would be half off ; date night on thursdays , where dinner would come with two movie tickets ; and happy hour on fridays and saturdays .
the menu offered four or five varieties of hamburger , in addition to sandwiches and a wide range of ice-cream desserts .
because i was fading fast , i directed the addition of the remaining ingredients : salt , cinnamon , more milk , and a touch of vanilla flavoring .
it was turning into a weekly ritual , though tristan was a new addition to the equation , since he 'd been gone so often lately .
i learned that he went to school part time and worked as a bouncer at bar downtown in addition to being a volunteer firefighter .
he worked full time in addition to being a student , and that seemed to make him more relatable to aiden .
in addition to rescuing the afghanis , the seals were tasked with finding and retrieving forty-two-year-old elizabeth bauer , an american reporter who had been working on a story for the associated press when the taliban stormed the school .
i 'd been wary to even look at it , but knowing that i would probably be seeing james , since we were going to his hotel , and that not much would please him more , i peeked at what were obviously new additions to my jewelry collection .
there were a few more lines in that lovely addition to the vows , but i barely heard them as i watched my bridegroom 's trembling lips form the words , `` i love you , '' in a hushed whisper .
i was fortunate enough to have graduated from high school before i got the boot ; some kids had to worry about finishing school in addition to being homeless .
in addition to the general irritation of mia 's bitchiness , i did n't want lissa to have to deal with any more stress than she had to .
could it be that in addition to all that , she 'd never gone to special , private schools , never worn custom-tailored riding gear , never could afford the best riding lessons or most prestigious competitions ?
shepley and i followed my older brother to the bar , where cami was de-capping bottles and shaking drinks at full speed , pausing only momentarily to type in numbers into the register or write down an addition to someone 's tab .
as we all made our way onto heather 's back porch deck , ellie and heather were going a mile a minute , talking about the two new additions to our little group .
i 'd missed my bass practice times all weekend in addition to the ensemble rehearsal , so i would be scrambling to complete additional hours of practice during the week .
would her mother be able to recover with all the other health problems she had in addition to the stroke ?
at that moment , bowe realized that he was meeting mari 's parents - and that , in addition to his bare feet and unshaven , rough appearance , his shirt was on backward .
`` in addition to the apple orchard i had planted here over the summer , '' he began , `` i also bought a six-foot-high , full-length mirror .
`` in addition to finding all the ways i can make you come with my hands and my mouth ... '' he stepped to the edge of the table and grabbed her h*ps in his hands .
for that , i 'll punish you with two swats , in addition to the five i 'd already decided to give you for running to thorpe instead of working your differences out with me .
`` if his mother 's killer follows and somehow finds his way onto the resort , you understand this makes you his target , in addition to being set up to be abducted by these slavers ? ''
in addition to her car , she 'd taken her laughter , her expressive blue eyes ... and the other half of his heart with her .
`` okay , but- '' `` in addition to my unconscionable use of resources to heat those eleven rooms , i intend to take long , hot showers because i love those , especial y in the winter . ''
it appeared that aidan would end up with a wife who was intel igent and eco-conscious , in addition to being a knockout .
during dinner she 'd learned the mansion had ten bedrooms in addition to the obligatory bil iard room , library , and conservatory , which she had to assume contained a bunch of exotic plants .
the other member of your party seems to be an accidental addition , but according to earl himself , you chose to take his granddaughter .
to further complicate matters , his father was extremely conservative in addition to being in ill health .
they were still talking when the installation crew left , and before colin could walk over to the bench , the household staff trooped out to view the new addition .
it was n't a nice thing to do , and in addition to that , he did n't want anyone at the convention to know that he 'd been kissing her .
god knew what she 'd told her husband , tom , but he must have accepted the estrangement in addition to the invented story about a blood disorder .
`` that alone might be enough to incriminate him , but in addition , on saturday night while we worked on the mission statement , i confided my concerns about my sister , penny .
in addition to disagreeing with all he stood for , she 'd quite rightly forbidden him to fight neil .
except , of course , when those same conversations caused the blues ... ... for the rest of the day , she worked from her mother 's kitchen table ; in addition to paying taxes and reading crop reports and overseeing warehouse costs , she cajoled her mother into eating and paid her bills and washed her clothes .
fucking steph was an addition to an already established relationship and not the entire reason for it .
then i saw the consciousness collar around its neck and was reminded that in addition to providing hickory and dickory with sentience - with their idea of who they were - their collars also gave them expanded senses , which were mostly devoted to keeping me out of trouble .
savitri , in addition to being insensibly excited not to be on huckleberry , was also being worked like a dog by john and jane : the three of them had spent nearly all their time since we arrived at phoenix station getting up to speed on roanoke , learning about the colonists who would be with us , and overseeing the loading of supplies and equipment onto the magellan .
in addition to training exercises , we 're opening up a paintball course on a section of the land and you 'll be responsible for helping pop run that . ''
`` and in addition , we 're putting forth a motion to have the school renamed the jonathan lyons middle school . ''
travel took a lot out of a person , and in addition to that , violet felt as if she 'd been on an emotional roller coaster for the last week .
in addition , she was wearing a white tank top with a loose , low-swooping neckline that showed off her br**sts magnificently .
in addition to losing her dad , and putting up with her mom , she did n't have a smooth time of it at school , either .
the relationship between him , dylan , and laura was stronger than ever , and the addition of cyndi as a nanny had opened up time for the three of them to reconnect consistently , to get a sense of equanimity , to revel in the joy of intimacy and laughter , of sensuality and bonds that made their family so much stronger .
in addition to throwing epipens in my purse , i 've added a handful of condoms because you really never know .
while zeke and mandy chatted with meredith about the latest addition to the shark tank , garrett joined them and wrapped a loving arm around his wife to whisper in her ear .
`` my grandfather was a founding father of this island , and i know he 'd be over the moon to see a team named after his beloved animals and this wonderful visitors ' center ... '' elliott shouldered his way forward , reaching the front just as frankie pointed to the table they 'd set up with the three-dimensional stadium complex model , this time with the addition of la dolce vita .
jayne paused in her lengthy ramble about the latest addition to the pediatrics wing at the clinic to tug something from under the plate of petits fours .
in addition to three brothers and an identical twin sister , brooke had an illegitimate half sister living in the bahamas , a sister her father had never told them about while he was alive .
kit flinched at the sound of the word , thundering throughout the room as it was when shouted by her four brothers in addition to her father .
best of all , the addition of even more visuals , like the productivity report and the strategy graph , provided pendleton with something to look at while his brain had the opportunity to wander at will .
`` in addition to eighty-seven cents in change and a fossilized milky way that was stuck behind one of your bookcases , i found this . ''
and over the next twenty years , hensley 's distilleries , inc. will donate a total of ninety-nine-point-four million dollars to the six charities of which your mother was so fond , in addition to their usual philanthropy . ''
that last was added dryly , of course , because in addition to there being no men among the student body at severn , there were few tycoons to be had there .
twisting the wedding band on her left hand , dorsey covered the short distance between herself and the bar , trying to pretend that she did n't feel his gaze consuming her , noting that , in addition to her regular customers who had shown up early this cloudy , fallish friday afternoon-one of whom , she could n't quite help but note again was mr. darien-one of edie 's regulars was still hanging around .
because in addition to being the nicest , most courteous person on the planet , she was also the sweetest , the most generous-and the most trusting .
lindy aubrey stated flat out at the interview that her workers , in addition to being attractive young women , should be thoroughly willing to be dominated by the exclusively male clientele .
and in addition to blowing her credibility , the revelation that she was lauren grable-monroe might also compromise the financial aid dorsey had been receiving for years .
with the addition of blond wig and brown contact lenses , with the application of two or three-or ten-layers of eye shadow , blush , lipstick , and whatever else filled those little tubes and tubs that carlotta had insisted were essential , with the body-altering wonderbra and stiletto heels , dorsey had seemed to become someone else entirely .
in addition to arousing her sexually , powerfully , kissing adam had made dorsey feel strong , potent , infinite .
because in addition to adam looking just too , too yummy , dammit , his penthouse was the most sumptuous place she 'd ever seen .
and dorsey , damn her evil little mind , had recommended a cosmopolitan which , in addition to being a lovely shade of rose , was pretty much straight liquor and might just cause someone who was tiny and perky , someone like , oh , say , desiree to pass out in the bathroom-or , as would be the case for her , the powder room-at some point during the evening .
`` prince charming , on the other hand , '' she continued , `` did need something in addition to his family , his roof , his food , and his work .
she forced a smile as she catalogued the rest of him , scrambling for a bland , polite addition to her salutation .
because chloe , in addition to being all the other things leo had begun to suspect she was , was also , evidently , an exhibitionist .
the table , lily noted as she approached it , was set with very fine china for eight instead of the customary six-a population of less than one quarter its capacity-and she was n't much surprised to realize that someone else , in addition to mr. freiberger , would be joining them tonight .
and as he worked-but not too hard-to free himself from the delicate trap she posed , it occurred to him that in addition to being small and lush , miss rigby was also very , very soft .
because in addition to being the most brilliant child caroline had ever met , chloe was also the most self-destructive .
and in doing so , he was obviously under the impression that she was the kind of woman who , in addition to sleeping with her boss , would let that boss 's bookkeeper put his hands on her cookies .
his various roles , in addition to chauffeur , included bodyguard , navigator , storyteller , shrink , astrologer , meteorologist and , at the odd moments when the occasion arose , he made a damned fine margarita .
in addition , however , we have a cooperative program here that invites considerable teacher participation .
on the other side was a standard issue classroom circa 1942 , little changed from its original state , save the addition of a few computer terminals and formica-topped tables that were at least twenty years old .
in addition to everything else lily had done to him-made him fall in love with her , crawled into the center of his heart and rearranged all the furniture there , tied him up in knots-she 'd made him whimsical .
the steel and glass of the outside was replicated inside , then made even colder and more solemn by the addition of a black granite floor and fixtures .
so i started taking more classes , in addition to studying for my business degree , to learn more about the import business .
in addition to the chicago homes piece , there were pages torn from other magazines featuring other people 's homes , along with articles about all things male-related .
maybe , just maybe , it was because , in addition to not being the life of a millionaire , della 's current life was n't even her own .
because in addition to being the man who currently claimed della as his own , geoffrey seemed like the kind of man who would n't let her forget about anything .
the person he hired as his assistant was going to have to be a quick thinker and unafraid to speak up , in addition to being knowledgeable and savvy .
these days the seven samurai , in addition to no longer being seven , were no longer the soldier of fortune types they 'd fancied themselves when they 'd assumed the nickname for the group as young men .
in addition to reuniting what was left of the barton family , burying the hatchet with luke would be a nice way to honor hunter 's memory .
he held his breath as he added , `` provided there 's going to be a my wedding in addition to his . ''
evidently , she 'd taken to heart the hint in kayla 's column and decided noah would make a lovely addition to her all-male menagerie .
in addition , he had n't wanted to go by kelly 's place to hash things out if brenda was still hanging around .
he 'd inherited the langsford family jewels , and in addition , he 'd bought his share of pricey jewelry over the years , so he was no novice buyer .
behind her , nicole andrade , the newest addition to the clan and stephan 's wife , shyly ducked her head in .
in addition to the usual ceremonial duties , the queen normally does a lot of charity work and assures the people they are cared for .
in addition , another seating area was to the right , where his family was chattering lively while having pre-dinner drinks .
`` furthermore , you are n't allowed to do any updates , additions , construction , repairs , or alterations on your own apartment that you do n't provide for the rest of the building first , '' the judge continued .
the additions informed the world that he was living with me in our `` love nest in ri '' and that he had introduced me to his parents .
i raked my eyes slowly up his toned chest and saw that in addition to his tattoo sleeves , he had one that twisted and scrolled across the top of his chest from shoulder to shoulder that read , 'honor thy father and thy mother . '
the first time there , i attended a meeting as the design team presented the new additions to the holiday line for his approval .
